This is the continuation of the classic thread!
I beat out over 300 kids for the Science Award at my school today!!
I'd just like to say that this new forum is really nice. Good job.
This summer is pretty hot!
I'm actually going to miss Science Olympiad. A lot.
I am so glad these pointless threads have a separate home.
help i dont get it
Looks like I need to fix some permissions.
I'm i posting YAY
Does 'Daily' Random Comment mean every 24 hours or just every calendar day?
I'm using a nice 22" widescreen monitor
Soon, aliens will dominate this world!
moo moo mooooooooo blue
hello hello hello!!
this monitor is really really really nice
oooooh noooooo!! *meow*

la la la la la wind it up
squeak attack!!!!!!
.
haha it's plastic frames
The cow is spotted.
Bots are on the forum!
I just turned green
drastic fabulous
sushi al jackay!
CoD 4 is fun
lol! Look at his face!!!!
i love...the new millenium
...
its friday.
pot pie powers activate!!
"We're not gonna take it. No! We ain't gonna take! We're not gonna take it, anymore!!!!
-by Twisted Sister"
moooooew
it's saturday
mmmmmm saturday..... *drools*
"wait it's saturday?
thats cool...
never try a cucumber and chile popsicle seriously not good"
I agree! Wait.... What does this smilie look like?
An english teacher
english is hard
Oh no! Aliens are attacking!
this more betterist!! triple positive!!!!!
this is the largest collection of random comments ive ever seen!
ahhhh no me apple tart
what is 10714775652397687426574965278643518657852084378881648475186106869147157589143674153164437159134643501637 x 0?
ummmmmm 8 or 9 i always get my 10714775652397687426574965278643518657852084378881648475186106869147157589143674153164437159134643501637's messed up
lol.lol.lol.lol.olololoolololololool haha. Look at his face!!!!
who actually eats chicken nuggets with chopsticks seriously?
who actually eats chinese food with chopsticks?
Chinese and Japanese people are amazing!
ama-zing asian!!!!
secret asian man
"<.<
>.>"
happy 4th!
flour power!!!! bakers unite!
glub glub glub glub glub glub...
this was on a menu that was sent to my house today...jade mounting chicken: tenderness chicken cooked with green vegtables in a spicy sauce engulfled by a pile of brocoli... im sorry but thats just kinda sad and no im not raceist im asian myself but wow spell check gone wild!!!
So, did you order that?
no my parents own a restraunt panda express is like taboo at my house
why are you lion?
"wow im slow, i had no idea they redid the site! and all of my old posts got deleted , but oh well...now time for my random comment:

WAIT!!! RUBBER DUCKY!!! DONT LEAVE ME!!!! I WANT 2 KNOW WHERE U GOT UR PLASTIC SURGERY DONE!!!!"
"this is random,
the lake is cool, because its wet, and cold"
O...M...G O's circular ahhh more cicles help they're all round meeee ahhhhhhhhooo..
oh no it's raining flowers. ahhhhchoooo!
O.O o.o O.O im an audience!!!
i have no life
guess what batman?
Wall-E
wal-mart whats wall-mart? is it like a place you buy walls or somthing?- Paris Hilton (America's poster child )
The 2400th Post!
Fish are Friends not food
YOGU TIME!
I actually remember that
I saw an article and when asked why she liked the new bargain store, a woman said "Because its so casual, you can just go in with sweat pants. You dont have to get all dressed up like youre going to Wal-mart or something".
awwww nearsightednessissm
"pie pie r 2
no pie r round"
"Saturated calomel electrodes are good for electrochemical impedance spectroscopy.

Yeah, you heard me."
yay!!!!!!!!!!! i like cheese!!!!!!!!!!!!! (and im not drunk)
beakers haha sounds like a name you give to a bird breakers want a cracker?
im a magical moo cow moooooo your a rutabega!
lolcats and omgdogs
The sky is blue.
this thread is more pointless than the pie race
pie race.... does it involve like i dont know pie?
"Hey atleast this is funny
Where is my Double Chocolate Mocha Latte"
mmmmm latte thats some addictive stuff man
lee man wa tur
ug egg rols and ice cream all day no bueno
kosovo?
no undies mondays!
love love me love love me
my oh my it's bridge mix!
i have kt i cried for days and days but then i found out it was chicken skin like periment goosebumps on my arm so i got better really
you have a dip right there i tried to even it out but its not possible
yay 10 post just by myself:)
im so cool im so cool mama
It's my Birthday today!
It's yucky outside
I can play a scale at 168 in 16th notes in 4 octaves on the piano.
ummm wait ahhh ipod attack!
ok so i got'cha down for a pizzaz pizzaextra pizzaz and a 2 liter of dazzleing cola right?
clouds make watching meteor showers no fun
Run away little kidies it a giant dog dressed up like santa! He not gonna give you anything but rabies!
><* lol
lick lick lick mmmmm lipsicle
haha im going to rizutos later everybody!
ooooh, pretty fire
the water it burns
Stress = Migraine = Bad...
good cheese comes from happy cows and happy cows come from california. but are the cows happy or are they on steroids? if theyre on steroids then they must not be happy. if theyre not happy they must be plotting someting. if theyre plotting something they must have guns. if they have guns they must want to take over the world. if they want to take over the world they must want to do it tastily. if they want to do it tastily they must have waffle guns. if they have waffle guns they must be happy. if theyre happy the guns must be solar powered. if theyre solarpowered they wont work in the dark.; if they wont work in the dark they must have potato grenades. in conclusion, cows are happy
WOAH that like cowtastic fantastice
yes it is. should i explain why waffles taste good?
leggo my eggo
moocow!
*twitch* Gilgamesh *twitch*
mehehe
eel powers activate!!!!
do you know what the 4 cheese are in this four cheese facial? nope but if you guess them you get a free parmesan rub down! therapudic pizza del wrap, HA!, i feel like a gigantic pig in a blanket. this marinara foot soak is great.
Puttin' on a Blitz
my freind, giguere35, likes mashed weasels
zorbak5044 is a retard and i dont liked mashed weasles
i dont liked mashed weasles
i am not and he does like mashed weasels
both of you are retards and i find it hard to believe that giguere35 does NOT like mashed weasels
Random is fine and all, but please keep it civil.
righto cheif
i like this like i do roasted peppers
who doesnt like this?
pok pok poke poke pokemo pokemo pokemon POKEMON!
yea pichu weeeeeeeeeee
*pokes robotman9*
*eats some cheese*
...WORLD TOWN!......a ne ne ne ne ..... WORLD TOWN!...... a ne ne ne ne
COLGATE!!!! for brighter teeth see?
i wished i had a popsicle right now...
i hate hw!!! it makes me wanna cry. when i wanna cry, i eat ice cream. when i eat ice cream, i am eating sugar, and when i eat sugar, i will get dibetes and die..... I DONT WANNA DIE!!!!! and its all my hw's fault....im gonna go get ice cream now xD
":O
yay you back i havent seen you in forever!!"
Twitter is a social problem.
this 22" monitor is NICE!!!!! you should get one
NOTE CARD ATTACK!!!!!!
mama's got the magic of clorox!
and under just the right angle of light there i saw an amazing treasure but when i reached for it a unicorn came up and we flew away to happy land!
bobaaaaaaaaaaaaa bobaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
"im like Whitney Houston is to (something)
Fossils is wack
fossils are cheap
i anit cheap"
ahhhhhhhhhhhhhh giant snails
i like cows i mean with out them we cant say holy cow...holy pig just doesn't have the same ring
i like cows too. did you know that good cheese comes from happy cows and happy cows come from california. but are the cows happy or are they on steroids? if theyre on steroids then they must not be happy. if theyre not happy they must be plotting someting. if theyre plotting something they must have guns. if they have guns they must want to take over the world. if they want to take over the world they must want to do it tastily. if they want to do it tastily they must have waffle guns. if they have waffle guns they must be happy. if theyre happy the guns must be solar powered. if theyre solarpowered they wont work in the dark.; if they wont work in the dark they must have potato grenades. in conclusion, cows are happy
Or, the cows could both be happy AND be on steroids. Ya ever think of that?
since when do cows get high?
"patpat i trust you cow
heres my comment!!!

starfish queen of the shape shaped amilmals!!!"
Nope, Octopi are the kings and/or queens of everything. Dontcha know.
i thought that was god
shrug elefant

waffles are tastyful
rawr attack!
donde esta el storo
awwwww hi im im im wait oh JACKY!!!
"knock knock
who's there?
panther!
panther who?
Panther not here, i'm going swimming!

I fall to love with beauty
excrete the sweetness life
dance foolish urgent
movement
unnecessary hole!

knock knock
who's there?
orange
orange who?
orange a tasty citrus with a section pulpy interior and sweet acidic juice!

PEACE!!"
lol laptop pac man!!!
Your body is a wonderland
i need i sandwich right now...
SHAPOOPI
bum bum dium bum bum dium
AHHH i attack you blemish with toothpaste!!
thats the vicatin talking
Grrrr......When is the Eastern Long Island stuff gonna come out? I WANTZ THE SCHEDULE!
I AM HIGH OFF OF CELLULOSE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
... even though i can''t digest it......
mehehe
rawr i wants a yellow ipod
"i wantz the western long island stuff!
and i have a football game tomorrow night--BLARGG!"
DON'T VOTE FOR IKE
vote for zorbak
i was referring to the hurricane
"lol yor're amazing rocketman

i gots to find me some libray matrials or i will be charged with one of those late fees i dont want to pay a late fee"
TOGA TOGA TOGA!!! wait thats not specific enogh! TOGA VIRILIS TOGA VIRILIS!!!
Homecoming was yesterday......and my feet still hurt. Stupid bass drum.
bass drums are loud, saxophones are better
YAY VIOLINS!!! you go G-string haha ORCHESTA JOKE!!!!
go zorbak!
ummmm oh theres my thumb drive
DRAMA!!!! ohhh i think im radiating DRAMA!!!! you better get away befor you get some DRAMA!!!! cancer!
and you got attacked by arthur how?

"~you know it would be cheaper if you ordered the banquet dinner insted of the family one right?
~yes
~so do you want me to change it?
~no
~Why not
~i want the appitizers that come with the family dinner
~but you get them and more with the banquet dinner
~i know but still
~ok
~so i have you down for the family dinner two egg drop soups a happy family (which i have to charge you an extra dollor for), a sesame chiken (which i also have to charge you an extra dollar for) and a pupu platter separate from that right?
~yes
~and just checking yo know you will save more money if you just upraded to the banquet dinner for for 4 more dollars right? and i would get all that for the same price and the pupuplatter for free right?
~YES BUT I DONT WANT TO CHANGE MY ORDER
~(sigh) ok that will be 39.80 ...
it would of costed 35.00 if he just orded the stinking banquet dinner!!!!
some people are stupid"
wait is that sandra bullock? AHHHH SANDRA I TOTALLY THINK YOU SOLD OUT AFTER MISS CONGENIALITY!!!! CAN I GET YOUR AUTOGRAPH!!!!!
wait CHANTAE CHANTAE!!!!
crazy train
wow...it's been a long time since I've been here...
MEGAMAN
OOOO DRA_MA
chipone
i was following him PERCISLY, milkshake!

THE GAME
Why so serious?
i procrastinating
*mehs*
ug darn cowicorns
I LOVE PI
Gym unicorns do exist!
so do elves
BAGPIPES
Don't starve the triangles! (They are WAY better than circles)
but circles need more sustanance, or else they become ovals
Which are not nearly as cool as oblate spheroids!
or planetoids
coagh coagh you want food?
food=bliss
fine... sigh im a little teapot sort and stout here is my handle...sigh here is my spout when i get all ...forget it i'd rather have an infecious rash
wait is that guy in the back of the marching band mimeing?
good morning! good morning! its always good to say GOOD-MORNING!
"WE WON THE HOMECOMING GAME!!! ITS AMAZING!!!

we almost never win any games"
thats gonna get smiles banned......
sorry, i was just amazed we won
The world is now invaded by smilies.
hmmm wonder whats the brand of my shampoo
I think we won ours too.......
Us too but we TP'd our oponents (from what I hear), instead of invading the world with smileys. Oh and my Freshman class didn't have the worst float, the sophomores did
"we didn't TP them, but i had a great time after with the band, and invading the world with smileys is much better, and we didn't have a parade due to Ike

the sophomores had the least spirit, based on spirit week, the seniors the most as always, juniors got 3rd and freshmen got 2nd"
mehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehe
"no its

MUHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH

MUUHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH"
Haha our team also won its homecoming! We were amazed, cause our team is terrible.
da da da da da da da woot woot (randome english) woot woot!
i thinkk they set up the schedule so that teams have a high chance of winning homecoming

Wouldn't that only be for one team; then the other team wouldn't have a good chance of winning.
i meant their own homecoming games, so the home team wins
haha i would use use take out boxes beacuse they are water proof and easy to adjust
take out tastes good
"i feel british.... TAKE AWAY!!!!

ok that enogh for today....WAIT youre going to miss the pretty unicorn going down main street!"
Charlie the unicorn
arggg angry giant
Last year our team was terrible too but we won our homecoming game 44-0 We're 4-0 on the season so far Looks like this is going to be a good year. Unfortunately there is only 4 home games this season including the thanksgiving one
my normal approach is useless here
wallet shopping is just like underwear shopping cus you don't want anyone to see you while your doing it just you have to do it
oh nos its a black berry gravatate gravatate yum that was a good black berry *coughs um a "p@" botton
Rasberries are better
medival disco diva
Wall rhymes with Paul!
wheres my id card? oh ther it is right under that ipod thats mine....
My field hockey team beat LexingtonHS for the first time in school history , in the pouring rain
4 tests in one day really sucks
puellas irratas
I want cookie breath
"Wish Granted
but you will... oops wrong forum"

HAAAAA that was my morning breath at least its snickerdoodle
i love snickerdoodles and i like saying that word
omigod omigod you guys!
emotional baggage and more SAXOPHONE ENTRANCE da da da de bop boom de dot boom dum dum dum dum da da da da da meow (that was my attempt at scatting)
SAXOPHONES ARE AWESOME
"when dipped in...
Ooops wrong thread again"
starpug has been very confused lately
"im so confused...
lets be biz kids!!!"
what are biz kids???
"this is biz kidz http://www.bizkids.com/

BIBLE EXCHANGE!!!"
BIBLES? BIBLES! AHHH RUUUUUUNNNN
what if somebody is not christian?
BIBLE TRUSTER!!! (lol im not even christain! )
I went to my first scioly meeting of the year today! Once i got there i was locked out since my school FINALLY decided to lock the front door. once some kid finally decided to let me in my coach started to put me to work running around the school to get stuff for pentathlon. on thursday i have to make 60 copies of the rules for EACH event...fun.
finger puppets!!! sounds exciting!!! GHOST!!
Casper is a ghost
handsome panther rawr! handsome panther rawr! ooo catchier!
i have to read Great Expectations [the entire book] and answer a bunch of questions by tomorrow. grrr mean english teacher!
i found my cookie breath!!! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rP-M4eVg8LQ im in love with this song!!!
nice dude
and i works out nice too beacuse im a fan of Project Runway (even tho i thought this season the writers were getting uncreative) wonder what it'll be like on lifetime....
dont use THAT knife to cut that whisker out it make it all messy and you'll get mashed pumpkin you dont want that...
ROBOCOP jack-o-lantern
oh no its another dora marathon....
up the who who!
no, the football team made playoffs
angry techno piano solo!
artificially flavored cherry bonanza now at ihop
"so basicly i was forced into this. my sister and brother are in
scioly and so my teacher thinks i need to be. i love her and
all so im doin it. im from winamac, indiana so if ya'll see us
at a competition or somethin just ask about amber and
maybe we can meet up!
till then heres to you!"
wow long winded
fo sho darn tootin'
i was in the lobby of my old middle school after SO today with eathousemd [ok most of you probably dont remember her but oh well] and she looked over to the office and screamed MOUSE!!!! The lady in the office jumped like 5 feet in the air [obv not that high] and let out a scream!! she ran out of the door and pointed at me "YOU, GET THAT MOUSE OUT OF HERE!!!! so i jump down on my knees and try to get the mouse. I got it but the little sucker bit me!!! it then went running into the office and the lady was flipping out and then paged the janitor "WOULD A JANITOR COME TO THE OFFICE IMMEDIATELY!!!!!" and she says it in the funniest voice ever. she doesnt even care that i'm sitting there with a bloody hand from the mouse. oh well..
Rofl
"lol thats amazing

naughty nunu!"
My SO coach brought his 2 year old son into summer school one day so he asked me to take him outside to play so as we were walking down the hall he screams MOUSE!! and i'm all like what? mouse? where!! and he points to it and goes mouse!!! and there it was.. a tiny little mouse. I had my camera with me so i filmed it for like 15 seconds then it went running into the boys locker room.
M*A*S*H* movie
Being a science olympian 9th grader is like being Poland in WWII
"lol Poland shrunk because Cathrine the Great took over parts of it

your pinky just needs to get buff"
"now if i was to have to name some one right now i would name it: for a baby girl go to line 2:for a baby boy go to line 3
bernadett
ronold"
you got an in you got an out thats cash flow
NOOOOOO...football team made it to playoffs
"wait no a pentagons has 5 angles right?

headrick stop hitting on lemma"
all your base are belong to us
darn auditions dont work out for me
Today I learned that my school's computers came from a prison. The prison was getting rid of their old computers and their computers were in better shape than ours so they let us have them. This doesnt surprise me.
I am hungry
he stole my glucose!
Whoa!
"lol yeah
Today in geometry my entire class smelt something burning so we got into a class discussion about what would happen if the school burnt down. Someone said that we would be stuck going to galvin [my old crappy middle school] and the entire class screamed NOOOOOO!!! then my teachers like ""dont worry guys, you all wont fit in galvin and our school district has no money so we'll all have to go to school in a burnt building and everyone will get all sick from the fumes"" she went into greater detail but i dont remember everything she said. As she was saying that i had this devastating picture in my head of me sitting in geometry in a burnt classroom. i then looked out the door and saw the once blue lockers now brown then i turned to the window and see the science hall collapse. It was kinda scary! I actually like my middle school a lot better than my high school.
it's interesting what kind of discussions we get into during that class... [note that this is not a realistic scenario.. it was just a off topic class discussion and those arn't meant to be realistic]"
your book doesnt like to open
FIRST PLAYOFF GAME TODAY
i hate having to do something on a saturday!!!
Magical Vending Machine!!!!!!!
"thank god playoffs are over

we lost the first game"
Why are you happy about that?
because i'm in band, and i'm tired of marching, because it hasn't been a good marching year
tornado watch earlier today?!
"shrug theres at least 20 here per season and WE ARE IN THE SAFE ZONE jk maybe 1, 2 if were lucky....

Blue set addition!"
lol this avacado it brown on the inside
O MY GOSH its snowing!!!!!
i wish it would snow here
I think it's supposed to snow here next tuesday.. that probably wont happen
I don't think the Odyssey is the greatest tale ever told...I can't even read a page and understand it...
"""Take that inertia""
-Result of experiment that my physics teacher totally failed at. yeah. niiice..."
My elective, which i got a B+ in, kept me off high honors. I never got anything below a 92 in that class. The teacher hates me!!
school is boring
agreed. Especially french.. my french teacher is a joke. We all know more french than she does She even has her own group on facebook
maple glazed chicken? sounds funky fresh
I'm in english right now.. it's boring!!
"lol i wish i could post in my english class...

i like that you wear your hair in a pony tail beacuse most people just dont do that anymore"
are you talking about me or is that your random comment?
need help with assassinator clue
"no im no talking about you i have nothing against pony tails

this charm bracelet is like the power gems and im a power ranger"
haha mushroom
HAPPY BIRTHDAY DUDE!!!
Thanks
MY CELL PHONE WHEN THROUGH THE WASH!!!
does it still work?
I had it sitting in a bowl of rice in the sun all day. i dont want to try to turn it on yet. The same thing happened to my mother's phone a few months ago and hers didnt work.
yummm I made cookies today...but they didnt turn out that well because they were low fat...
"that stinks, i really like cookies

and low fat turkey sausage doesn't taste good"
"low fat turkey sausage is ok not the best but WAY better then soy dogs (possibly the only soy product that i hate)

oh gawsh theres tim and he died his hair red"
my old middle school had a lock down today
that would really suck, why?
I wish it would stop snowing...its too cold outside and my winter coat wont fit inside my locker...
i wish it would snow, the temperature is usually to high or not cold enough
haha i like that drink QUINTESSENTIAL KIWI!
A fifth grader went missing sometime after homeroom. The first story i heard was that he got abducted. I heard this in biology then again in child development. The actual story was that he was scared of something [a test he had next period perhaps] and decided to run away from the school. It took police an hour to find him. My brother goes to that school and he was in math when it happened and his teacher didn't know what a code red meant so she just continued class. That's pretty pathetic.
god, how did a kid get out of the school that easily? thats really pathetic
wow i thought that was what training was for
it's quite easy. When changing classes you just walk over to the door and leave!!
I have to walk outside to get to one of my classes because my school uses a school at is like right next door it would be so easy to leave.
"omg someone got stabbed today at my school....

hmmm jack jackrabbit!"
Atleast no one shot themselves in the bathroom
"omg that's awful!!
starpug, dont tell me that happened at your school!! Did it?"
It did.
that sucks
Nothing like that ever happens at my school. The last thing that's happened was that the band was fund raising to pay for a trip to chicago and some kid stole all the money!! nothing ever happened to the kid!! Before that last year there was a bomb threat at my school. They evacuated us 30 minutes after they found out. Everyone was all confused except for my english class because we were the ones that reported it. This kid got back from the bathroom and said "Ms. B!! There's a note in the bathroom that says theres a bomb in the school!!!" and she goes "yeah right, get back in your seat!!" This kid was kind of a trouble maker. Then he kept demanding she send someone else down to back him up so she did and that person came back and said it was true. She then called the office and then we all thought they should evacuate us. The teacher said "no guys, that wont happen!!" 30 minutes later the fire alarm went off and the teacher goes "well, there you go guys" and we all stood in the parking lot for 25 minutes until the bell rang to let school out. It was in the middle of February and it gets pretty cold up here in MA so we were all freezing.
We had a bomb threat in 5th grade and we sat outside for like an hour. Someone called the office that there was a bomb in the girls bathroom. We also were in lockdown for 30 minutes, 15 of them past the time school was ou, cause a guy had a shot gun and was walking down the street adjacent to the school.
"i remember in 5th grade there was a double shooting down the street from my school during school hours. We did nothing about it.
I was just reading the police reports in the news paper and it said the 5th grader was found in a local restaurant. That kinda surprises me."
Wow you guys are all calm about things here if a kid is out playing with a toy gun across the street they lock us down, it's insane. News reports were how we figured out what happened when the Junior shot himself. No lockdown on that which is surprising considering how seriously they take everything.
"WOW you'all have crazy schools...

yawn im still sleepy"
and that makes 11 that makes me feel sick
3 more days of break before school starts again
*grumble*
what day is it
no it's too big it looks like a polokimono!
i get to go to chicago
I went to Chicago this year for a band thing..It was fun and scary because our bus driver almost hit like 3 cars and cut off a huge truck....we thought we were not going to make it back to Michigan alive..
my school's band is going to Chicago sometime this year
so is mine, we get to march in the St. Patrick's day parade
im not in band so i have no idea if there going to chicago
wait the sweet and sour chicken is actually pork!!!!..that would explain the fat
you sure its pork, you never know in some restaurants
what about dog
*puts hand on robotman's throat* Don't you dare say that again *releases robotman*
"yes! wow that caused alot of drama!

i wish i had a dolphin cus it could be a pet and then if it lives long enough i could start an aquarium !"
sry starpug
"i bet dog tastes pretty good!! especially pug!!
haha just kidding starpug"
"You Better be















jk"
should i be offended? oh well im too happy to be angry but should i?im confussed
what ?
i guess we just shouldn't mention eating dogs
*nods head*
that makes scenes now cats that another story
nice
dogs are better than cats
Amen Brother!!!
bring it on:in it to win it is a spin off of the westside story which is a spin off of romeo and jullietso its a spin off of a spin off now if i was to make a spin off of that that would be like SPINOFFTASTIC
"i dont like spioffs any more you killed them dude













jkjk"
"lol

sunny wear your mexico!"
darn scanner wont scan!!!!
Oops I broke the Spammer...my bad
meh
puer vex puellam? no puella vex puer!
hablas ingles
je ne comprends pas.
vosotros es muy tonto
Je me lave mes cheveux
espanol, no francais
"oops i just realized i didn't make puer accusative oh well (this is why i have a b in latin)

tea is way better then coffee because tea has little individual bags of tea PORTION CONTROL!"
this is a funny video that was made by my friends in school http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iXdqCqTZ7j0
looking at the Grammy nominations for this year i confused why are the jonas brothers in the best new artist category arn't they on their 3rd album?
I just got a hair cut. I got 4 inches taken off
that crazy! how short is it now?
19 inches Not really that short
lol thats cool
i am looking foward to winter workout to start
IT'S SNOWING!!!!! on my bday
"Happy birthday!
Its been snowing here.. we probably had like 4 inches...its been freezing outside"
thanks =] it's not snowing that hard here. there's barley an inch but at least it's snowing!! for the first time this year!!
"yay happy birthday!

wait frosted mini wheateies: big bite? thats confussing"
thanks dude
"Merry Christmas..... I mean happy birthday.
U are lucky by this time last year we had 3-4 ft of snow on the ground and this year we have nothing o well at the the moutains are getting some snow so some of the ski resorts will be open"
"thanks
3-4ft? YIKES!! that's a lot"
i know right? it still feels like early november to me
yes it got to the point the the school would cancle school only if they couldnt get the doors to the school open and yes it does still feel like early november just with the ski resorts open
true that
yes with this lack of snow the baseball team might not have to shovle the baseball field off for our first practice this year unlike last year
"My random comment:

Current baseball conditions suggest the onset of the apocalypse. Especially with how the Devil Rays performed..."
I have nothing better to do in english than post this.
the chain on my bike was stolen today and i am
Who the hell steals the chain off of a bike? What are you going to do with it, sell it on eBay? You can't sell it unless you know it's specifications; nobody's going to buy an eBay listing that's like "Bike chain. Lightly used. Metal and oily." They can't even use it themselves, unless they have exactly the same bike. So they can't sell it, they can't use it, I highly doubt that they can melt it down, what could their plan possibly have been? Ohhhhh, now I get it. I'll bet tomorrow you're going to find some rapper wannabe wearing some new 'bling.' Unless, perhaps, they're just assholes who feel like ruining your day. This is, of course, school we're talking about here.
Bleach!!! Where's my Bleach I must have my Bleach
"i dont know theres an urgent need for bike chains in the BLACK MARKET!!!!!

theres a bow on my bow!!!"
help the flying monkies i created ate my science teacher
a i forgot my atom!!!
no school today But i do have field hockey practice
AHHH was that librarian checking you out? CREEPY!!!
wait goldfish tastes like bad bread
The word "oxymoron" is very fun!
A transformer blew at the top of my street today. Cost me my perfect attendance No one wanted to go by it because it wouldnt stop. We had no power which also slowed me down. I ended up being really late to school due to it It was quite the sight though
What is the point of "Your Daily Random Comment?" I don't get it.
"wait was that serious? IM SO CONFUSED!!! i think sarcasm is confusing through text but im ain't meddlin'

darn air-plane"
"you post whatever comes to your mind


going to kill my robot"
the tissues are my new pets
We are gathered here today to commemerate WoWT which was so cruely killed by the mods today 12/14/08
wow the WoWT thread is gone!! what happened?
idk ask a mod, the easiest way to do that is go on the chat.
"sad day

munchins are nice..."
wow i was testing my plane outside and it almost got stuck on the roof!!!!!!!!!
roofs r fun
I'd be too scared to test my plane outside! It could make a crash landing into my neighbors pool.. or it could land in a tree lol
woah it's wicked warm outside!!!
don't you mean wicked wahm
lol yes
lucky we have a few inches of snow here and it was 34 below zero today where i was
i know right i didnt have feeling in my fingers til around 8 it was COLD
yes especially in denver
"mmhmmm

13 x 7=28!"
meh
yay it snowed this morning!!! I'm sitting in english right now We're supposed to get 6 inches on friday
"exams are

and i get to go to OH"
"you talking about midterms?
already?"
yay i get to leave school earlier of friday cause i don't need to go to last hour FTW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
why dont you need to go to your last class?
im all caught up and my teacher told those of us that were caught up to no come to class
wow that's one cool teacher!! The teacher just lets you cut class like that? Awesome!!
yeah but the last day of school last year i was only at school for about 30 minutes because of the school rules with finals
rawrism
twhat
she hurling in the new year!
"YESSSSS!!!! WE GET OUT AT 11 TOMORROW!!!!!! =]
We're supposed to get 8 inches of snow during the school day tomorrow and the same thing happened last year when we got about a foot during the school day and they didnt let us out early and teachers had 4-6 hour drives home depending on where they lived [most of the teachers arnt from around here] and none of the sidewalks were plowed so you had kids walking home in the street with 4 inches of snow in the street in danger of getting hit by a car that looses control. So yeah they are letting us out early this time
I am surprised though. My school HATES giving us snow days/snow releases. Every single town in my county will have a snow day except for us. We always have school unless you physically cant get into the building because snow is covering the doors [and that never happens]."
Wow, I am getting pretty much getting the same amount of snow! Guess we live in the same area. Anyway depending on the amount of snow, we will get either a snow day or get out early.
Yeah it seems like all of MA, NY, RI, AND CT are getting around 6-12 inches
TX has none!!!!!!! i wish it would snow
how much snow do u have to get to have a snow day
Well everynow and then a Nor'easter comes up and drops 2-3 feet of snow on the ground so I would think about 1' to 1' 6"
I cant remember the last time we've had a snow day but i know we've had school with 12in +. They'll only give us the day off snow is covering the doors to the schools and no one has time to go out and shovel it.
In Cambridge they'd give us the day off if there was 6"+
where i live last year around december 7 we go 2-3 feet of snow and we went to school for the first class which i hated cause it was geometry then they cancled school then 2 days later they cancled school here again then they said that the in order to have another snow day the snow would have to bad enough to were they cant open the doors but this year we have gotten only about 6-8 inches of snow
my rocket launch was canceled due to fog
That must have been some heavy fog.
"that seems kinda pointless having 1 class then leaving. Tomorrow i have 3 classes and they are History, Geometry, and Bio. not too bad but some people are lucky and have gym, study and something else
A lot of schools around here have been out for a week now and wont go back until jan 5th because there was like an ice storm and a lot of people are with out power. I think we had no power for only an hour and that was because a transformer blew right in front of my house. It was dark out so when the thing blew you could see the entire street! it lit up the sky!"
"yeah tomorrow sucks for me i have language arts II, modern world history and spanis but luckly i get to ditch last hour thanks to me being caught up in my computers class

pleadies does your school offer algebra I as an 8th grader or just as a freshmen"
In my school you can take algebra I as an 8th grader but most people [like me] didnt. Most people take it as a freshman.
then how many years of math do u have to take here we only need 3 years of math and i am done with my math credits at the end of this school year as a sophmore cause i took algebra I as an 8th grader but i am going to take pre calclus next year and calclus my senior year i know i'm an over acheiver because probably my senior year i am going to take college algebra
we need 3 as well but if you took algebra I as an 8th grader it doesnt count so you need to take math all the way up to junior year unless you double up a year. I'm going to be in calculus as a senior as well. That is, if i take the course, which i probably will.
"that sucks for u guys my algebra I credits will count it is the only class u get high school credit for
what science class do u guys take freshmen and sophmore years and do u have a choice of science classes for your junior year"
"At my school most freshman [90% of the grade] take IPL which is introduction to the physical and life sciences. You can also take biology or honors biology as a freshman but it is recommended that if you want to take bio as a freshman you take honors so there are only about 5 freshman taking CP bio. All the freshman who took IPL then move on to CP bio as a sophomore. NONE of them take honors bio. The freshman in bio move on to Chemistry as a sophomore. The sophomores in bio move on to chemistry as a junior and the sophomores in chem move on to either honors physics or modern physics as a junior. Most people stop science after junior year as you only need 3 years of a science with 2 of those being a lab course. If you wanted to keep going the juniors in chem move on to either modern physics or project physics and the juniors in modern physics or honors physics move on to AP physics [or another AP science.] there are also 3 electives you can take once you become a sophomore. Sorry if that was confusing.
EDIT/ oh and to answer the first part of your question.. i'm a freshman in honors bio"
"that sucks how many science credits do u need there
we need 3 years of science freshmen year is physical science sophmore year is bio and your junior year u have a choice i am taking geology for 1 semister next year and astronmy the second semister"
Well we need 15 science credits but apparently my school does their credits differently than everyone else. Each course is 5 credits unless it's a semester course or a term course. In most schools it would come out to 3 credits.
"oh ok
one thing that confuses me is how are u a freshmen at 15 pleadies"
you mean my age? Most freshman are either 15 or 14. By the end of freshman year they're all 15. I just have an earlier birthday than most people [dec 7]
that is interesting i was 15 at the end of my freshmen year but we had a few freshmen that were 16 at the end of their freshmen year like my partner for write it do it
yeah we have a few people in my grade who will be 16 by the time freshman year is over with. We have triplets in my grade who will be turning 16 in late March. one of them was my partner for reach for the stars and meteorology last year.
not that i am a stalker but what day in march were those triplets born on
march 28th
the day after my birthday
really? that's cool and a little odd
"not really me and my sister were born the same day same month but 3 years apart
me and my friend were born on the same exact day month and year"
woah now that's cool!!
"thay is pretty amazing..

I PASSED!!!"
cool i just can't wait to see if i passed world history the final the best i could do after the quick grading that the teacher did was a 92
thats good some how my world history final went from an 88 to a 91... must of been a scoring mistake
lucky my history quizz not really a final was 5 mutiple choice question and 2 essay questions within the first 3 hours of school i wrote 4 essays 2 of those were a minimum of 5 paragraphs
eww essays make me sad
me too but only one of the first two essays is going to be graded for my language arts final
My computer broke but we got a snow day. What sticks is christmas break starts really late for me this year (the 23rd is my last day in school.
hehebebelele
sleeping till 3 make me a happy boy!
ok that was random ive been on this forum all day just to wait for the new assassinator to start and i am happy cause i am an officer for this one
YES!! my procrastination may continue!!
"I just learned that 1 can = 2
I aced my F.L. test and hopfuly my S.S. so thats about it."
i have like a billion tests tomorrow
i have one math test but I rule that.
math is like 4 different bubbles one for algebra, one for geometry, one for calculus, and one for basic math EVERYTHING is in that basic math bubble but then after that the other bubbles only touch. This makes make really complex and why i chose to use the stabby pin that is a graphing calculator
"I have a math test tomorrow.. i love math
The weird thing is that my math teacher lets us have programs such as the quadratic forumla, distance formula, etc on our calculator"
"that funny in my algebra I class one of out assignmens was to make a quadratic formula program on our graphing calculators and then we had to make our own program so i chose to make an area and peremiter program the funny thing was that we had to get an A on one of the math test so that we could have games on our calculators which sucks
these were school calculators"
"from where that person must be a unless he is me
| | | |
V V V V"
boxing day is tommrow!
i can only beat a guitar hero 3 song on easy but i just beat career mode on easy the day after i got the game
oh gosh jerry is just plain crazy.....
trig is really horrible.
there's no snow
SKEEEEE DOOOOOOOSH!
no mom no burrito
i kno rite (me and my friends say that all the time)
you know alot of people think it's easy being an elitist movie snob but it isn't!
on the easy difficulty of Through the Fire and Flames on guitar hero 3 has a total of 1102 notes and i only missed 29 of those notes
Sweetcoop seems obsessed with Guitar Hero. Rock Band is better.
"too poor to afford rock band
Guitar Hero: Metallical comes out soon
Guitar Hero Better"
Rockband is the BOMB!!!!!!!!
darn ferns
"From School of Rock:
Billy:Can I be the band's stylist instead?
Mr.S:Of course you can Fancy Pants."
when someone has "fitz" in their last name, there is a really good chance that one of their ancestors was the illegitimate son of a king (probably in the British Isles) bc that was their title--fitz!
awww man!! no more auditorium Did you beat it yet, dudeincolorado?
yeah i did too i was like this is easy! then it was over
I ♥ yo mama!!!
snow tomorrow
I WANT A BACON AND EGG BISCUIT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
wonder if club soda is the same as tonic water with out the colorness.........
Lindsey Lohan is my hero. LOL
Coke used to contain cocaine, hence the name.
there is a stupid kid in my school that though coke and coke a cola were two different sodas
well coke is way better then pepsi
"oh no u didn't just say that
Pepsi rules they have the legitimate Mt. Dew the best soda out there especially the voltage flavor"
darn right!
HECK NO!!!!!!!!!!!!! COKE IS THE FIRST OF ALL SODAS!!!!!!!!! Pepsi totally was way after COKE & Pepsi tastes flat!!!!!!!!!!!
COKE ALL THE WAY!!!!!!
"wow we got on the topic of which is better coke or pepsi


PEPSI Rules u ******"
truthfully i don''t taste a difference. one time my friend asked for a coke, i gave him a pepsi, he just threw it away. i really don't taste the difference.
I've always been like that, if u say Pepsi is better I'll get all up in your case.
well then in that case Pepsi is the best soda brand in the world cause Dew is a Pepsi product
Dew is gross & has way 2 much caffeine & calories
boo boo u hate dew u suck
woo i love dew!!!!!!! amp is also my favorite energy drink!! I had 3 of those large cans of amp right before states last year
There are more Div. C people on this forum than Div. B.
"......i drink club soda....i think regular soda is too sweet

anyone else watching looney toons on cartoon network i normally dont watch it but todays my exception"
yeh i only drink diet cuz i can taste all of the sugar in regular
Dew is better than Coke. They put WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAYYYY too much carbonation in Coke.
"yay i have a few ppl on my side
the last time i had an amp i was hyper for the rest of the day and i had to run concessions for science olympaid
lasy year i us to have a can of amp with my lunch but that got two expensive
woot 2 leter of mt dew before all competions wait crap the competions are during baseball pratice darn water for competion unless the coach decides to give us soda along with our blitz"
I DON'T CARE WHAT YOU THINK OF ME CUZ THE BEST OF US CAN FIND HAPPINESS IN MISERY!!!!!!!!!!
"what

next time make sure caps is off cause it gest annoying reading posts in all caps"
i meant to have the caps
wonder if there is a vegetarian lion
ok that was random
I ♥ Snood!!!!!!
go snoopy and woodstock
ya know
my ap teacher gave me a test to be done IN BLOCK TIME over break and i can never get those three hours back...
this isn't really random but school starts in 2 days.
Hooray.
I wonder if i have art or ITE on Monday?
Never try to cook brownies in the pancake puff pan... it just doesnt work...
I wonder if you can die if u were like bored to death
i want some pizza
Agatha Christie is crazy!
I can't wait til Febuary 27 cuz its my half birthday!!!!!!!!!!
YAY for goggle!
"To the above: Goggle? Do you mean Google, the advertising company/internet giant that will take over the world?

What happened to nickfastswim?"
yuppers!
He drowned
yeah, he was swimming to slowly
"<play dramatic music> Where in the world is...


nickfastswim!!!!"
CARMEN SANDIEGO!!!
Carmen Sandiego stole the Eiffel tower!
the lilac tiger went down to Australia to get a lime snow cone
did u guys hear about the guy that was dangeling off the ski lift by his pants with his pants around his ankles at Vail in Colorado
No. Is that because it never happened?
I think Saga-Sama is really pretty. ;O
stick !!!!
it happened i got to see pictures
yeah, i heard about that
"new here, but here goes:
speaking of odd news, did u guys hear about the 4 year old kid that shot his 18 year old baby sitter in the foot?

kid needs serious anger management"
man i hate kids they are so annoying
points to blufoster. "You mean these?"
sigh... the more i try to help the more it blows up in my face.....
melon ballin'
cheese
ahha rocket!!!!
key lime soda pie?
I just made origami wolves and sheep
"yay the true random comment


The age defference between me and one of my friends is around 5 minutes"
I just saw venus.. during the daytime
me and my write it do it partner need more work on the event
hmmm I should practice my duet for solo and ensemble...I only have untill Saturday...
woah that bridge side weighed a lot!!
my random comment? some people just suck. they have no reason to, but they do. they just thrive on the misery of others. like dementors. they're demented. i wonder if thats where that comes from?
sasuki meltdown!
Spending time in the science olympiad lab is one of the leading causes of Psychosis.
"Sad but true random comment



one of the most respected teachers that ever taught at my school died today two years after he retired from teaching in the woodshop"
awww thats sad
"yep and he had a son that is in my grade

the family went through trouble 3 years ago when their son was almost killed in a car crash"
I am bored what are yall all doing. You know what i am hyper. I wish he liked me. I love meeting new people. I am bored. dah duh dah dah dah duh dah dah da dah dah dah da dah.
"this is a four day weekend for me
the dance was postponed and some was a wrestling meet in honor of what i said in my sad comment"
Super Bowl Prediction: Eagles 23, Steelers 20 on David Akers field goal!
i dont like it when people are like hi cus that freaks me out.....
never ever go camping in the rocky moutains before march it is so ******* cold i think i got frost bite on my feet
I like that prediction
All of a sudden... nothing happened
"sigh, the Eagles lost.

Oh, well, the Sixers and Flyers are okay."
"it might snow tonight!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
im so excited"
it was so cold on thursday and friday, they canceled school both days. "arctic," they called it; friday, the high was -5
ahhh it's the girl from food network!
Today it started snowing around 4 P.M. 12 hours too early.
i think my eyes are melting.
YES!! midterms are done!!
IL LIIKE CHEESE!@!!!!!
Yay! No school today because it's an inservice day! And no school on Monday for transition between semesters. And finals for first semester are done!!!
NOOOO i have absolutely no studies next semester
"Shoot. I have AP Bio, Honors Western Civ, and Honors English next semester... Shoot.

Redundancy Forever!"
are those all semester courses? We only have electives as semester courses. Actually, only a few electives are semester courses. Next year i'm loaded with classes
Nearly all of our Honors, Accel, and AP courses are semester courses, with two periods every day.
lol, i like writing in shoutboxes on random blogs...
All classes at our school are one semester, the question is if they are 45 mins or 90 mins long. That means we just had our finals. Block scheduling...
my rooms green
I jammed my toe on the door. =|
"""Obi-Wan never told you what happened to your father""
""He told me enough, he told me you killed him""
""No I am your father""
""Nooooooooooo"" falls of bespin platform


or if you perfer the adult swim comerical for lego star wars 2

vader chops of lukes had picks up had and gives it back to luke
luke puts hand back in place but vader tries to pull it out again
vader lets go causing luke to fall off the platform"
lava flows ?!
...whereas magma is hot.
happy new year!
"i sprained my ankle today at a gymnastics meet
got first place on bars though"
I won my futsal game today, 3-1, and eyeball lost his 3-1, but we didn't play each other.
My fossils coach gives tons of homework!!! FUN!!! (Nerdy fun)
"got new uggs!
hurts to put them on though"
da girl of my dreams was back a school after 10 days but its not like i am counting
curse you flying bunnees!!!
i better not have school tomorrow ..
i listened to sweet child o mine by guns n' roses for three cause it remindes me of a really hot girl on my sci oly team
"i know, right?
i wanna go sledding, but my parents wont let me cuz of my stupid ankle!!!!!!!!!!"
"u will be lucky if u dont have school tomorrow

the only day i missed of school that was not planned was when we cancled school in honor of Mr. Doug Bennetts"
"where r u from?
me + pleiades r from mass, so we get snow dayz."
"The middle of the state of colorado livin up in da moutains

this year we havent gotten much snow but last year the Super Attendant said that school was not going to get cancled unless they couldnt open any doors to the school caues we had 3-4ft of snow"
Kansas weather is too weird. I wish we could have a snow day!
well, not this year pigeon superintendent !! We havent had a single snow day..yet. I hate it because i have to walk home and i always have to walk in the middle of the street dodging cars. The roads are also a mess and what normally takes me 10 minutes to get to school turned into 30 minutes [no joke] How many snow days have you had?
"wow poor u

we've had no snowdays

i think we had 1 last year....

i hate when they cancel Scioly cuz its ""going to snow"" + it never does...."
"none unless u count the day they cancled school here in honur of Mr. Bennetts on of the best woodshop teachers we ever had

i just realized this year sucks one kid lost their brother to drunk driving but her brother was the Drunk one driving
one kid lost his dad to a heart attack
one kid last weekend lost one of his older sister to the icy roads and the rivers
last summer sucked for rafting cause we lost 10-15 people in the arkansas river in about a month and a half so i will never go rafting in my life but mabey conoeing"
Rafting is really fun! You shouldn't be afraid. I went rfting in Colorado when I was like 11 and here I am writing ths
yes but that was a few years ago last year the river was a pigeon
"that's really sad.
we havent had any snow days, but i hope we do soon.
i'm supposed to walk home most of the time, but i just hitch a ride w/a friend.
i've never been rafting. i wanna go sometime though."
Yeah that tends not to be a good thing
what rafting
No dying while rafting. Thatt would really spoil a trip.
where in colorado where u rafting
Somewhere near Colorado Springs
omg, sweetcoop, thats soooo awful! all this pigeon is happeninng at my school too. last year one boy lost his mom, same happened this year to a kid in my grade, my freinds little sisters best freinds, (twins) lost their dad,and a little eight year old violin prdogy (seriously, he played at the kimmel center) died from brain inflammation, he doesnt go to my school, he goes to one of the elementary schools in our district
"that explains it my area is in the moutains with fast rapids and one point parts of the Arkansas river and Numbers were closed cause of how high the river was flowint and how fast the river was

Numbers is a certian rafting spot here in BV"
"omg, paradox, that's awful.
nothing ever happens wear i live.
i'm not sure if that's a good or bad thing"
that's a good thing. A few weeks ago my school's latin teacher died. Last year a student with the class of '08 died. Actually, today would have been his 20th birthday. A girl in the class a year ahead of me died in Europe over the summer a few years ago. There have also been a few deaths of parents in the past few years
"omg, that's just..
ugh
wow"
This is making me cry...
"while we are on the topic of death last april an elderly woman that i was not related to but related to passed away and January 7, 2009 my great aunt passed away

there is a teacher at the middle school that we all think is going to die while she is teaching seriously she has been teaching for almost 40 years and has became The Queen

i have a funny metal shop teacher who made fun of the congerigation of my class the day he was sick he said we were betting on how much longer he was going to last cause he was really sick that day i mean we tried to get the woodshop teacher to convince him to go home but only the person at the front office could make him go home

the sad thing is around thanksgiving 2007 a kids father died

the man who passed away a few weeks ago was as previously stated the best woodshop teacher the school had and at his memorial service the friday after he passed there was almost no room in the pe complex at my school cause of how many people knew him

Dang this has been a long post for me"
No school for me today!
lucky
Me neither. Except by now it's become a slush day instead of a snow day.
aww poor you
"no school 4 me either
i ♥ snow"
i was so happy that it was a snow day! but it really is a slush day, mayb it will freeze over nite and the roads will be blocked! (thts only a good thing for school age kids, for everyone else it sux)
you ppl are luck that you get snow days
doesnt colorado get snow like all the time?
"yes but not at my elivation

just at random the old algebra 1 teacher at my school had a good idea for us to put in our gym as ppl walk in
it was ""Welcome to hell, elevation 79** feet""

*=wildcard cause i fergot the exact elevation"
"nice
do u guys have an algebra 2 teacher?
we dont, cus apparently no one's smart enough, so next year i'm not gonna have a teacher
i'm looking forward to that"
yes he was the middle school principle during for the past three years before that he was a computers teacher Middle school math teacher and high school math teacher
"wait, why do u even have an algebra 1 teacher?
ur in division c"
"for those that didnt take Algebra 1 in middle school

I am in Algebra 2 and next year will be pre calc then my senior year will be calc



and i am very happy
Guitar Hero: Metallica comes out on Cinco de Mayo"
"huh
watever
i dont like math
there are only 2 gurlz out of 12 in our entire class.
me and my friend (who does so too of course)"
My high school has 6 algebra I teachers, 5 geometry teachers, 8 algebra II teachers, 1 algebra III teacher, 4 precal teachers, 3 cal teachers, a stats teacher, and an integrated math teacher.
how does that work out?
I love math!!!!!
pheonixe flower dance
I had a diagnostic test today for math, and i failed it.
i didnt know there was such thing as algebra III
"there is here but we call it Pre Calc
we have two Geometry teachers one of those teaches compliance math the other teaches Pre Calc and Calc
our Algebra 1 teacher teaches Algebra 2 and some students have the middle school Algebra 1 teacher"
wow, that's not a lot of teachers. Here, algebra III is for the seniors who passed algebra II or algebra II L2 as a junior but had trouble and are not prepared for precal as a senior. They take algebra III instead of precal.
"we also have three history teachers
three language teachers
two spanish teachers
two computers teachers
two p.e. teachers
one metal and one woods teacher"
We have 13 english teachers, 10 foreign language teachers, 10 science teachers, 11 history teachers, 3 wellness teachers, 2 business teachers, 3 wellness teachers, 3 life skills teachers, and way too many paras.
"u said wellness twice

it is funny my friend in Sci Oly today grabed a laptop and all of the letters on the keyboard were all messed up and he had two E's and no W's"
lol wow i'm smart. some of the computers in the writing lab at my school have messed up keyboards.. kids take the keys off and mix them up
yeah right now i have to read hamlet
we're reading "The Raven" in class and we have to memorize at least one stanza and can memorize more for extra credit
"oh Algebra III is called MayTrig here
lets see...
3 applied tech teachers
2 art
3 business
19 english
2 food/consumer science
9 language 1 latin, 1 german, 1 french, 6 spanish
16 math
4 music and drama
7 pe and health
14 science
15 social studies

wow and 10 security guards"
"oh wow i fergot the two art teachers
the band teacher
and the choir teacher

wow security guards your school seems really uptight"
Here it's Pre-Calculus w/Trigonometry, but it used to be called Advanced Math.
"Drive Carefully: 90% of people are caused by accidents.












wow that was random"
We have the Integrated Math Program (IMP) but I'm only in middle school.
"security guards?
is this to prevent ppl from coming in or getting out?"
yay let me losing my saturdays begin which sucks cause i am in bowling and our leage is on saturdays so i am expecting to be 21 games behind
i'm just awesome at bowling
realllllly what is your highest game???
kinda yeah you need your ID to get in and out they are at all the main entrances, and the other ones just wonder around. My school got alot of complaints so this is their response.
wow dude your school must suck compaired to most other schools in colorado so those of you that think that all colorado schools are as strict as dude's they aren't
that reminds me of a few weeks ago. I was early to one of my scioly meetings so i was waiting at the front door waiting for the bell to ring to let school out and one of the teachers at the school saw me and came over to the front door to let me in [the doors are locked] so i grab my huge WB mason box that has my scrambler in it and i walked through the door and started walking down the hall. There was a police officer who saw her let me in. he started walking down the same hall i was walking down. I was like 10 feet behind him and he could hear the thing in my box making lots of noise so he turns around and stares at the box and says "do you need help with that" and i'm like "ohh no, i'm fine." so he stands there for a few seconds and then starts walking again.
"Y.D.R.C.:

Never use FLASH Cyanoacrylate industrial strength super glue on polystyrene...it disintegrates."
"sadly our girls varsity team just lost and broke thier streak on no loses this year but our boys varsity won

Pleadies you have cops in your school
well my school goes into a soft lockdown when the police do a drug search"
"holy crap
what's wrong w/u ppl's schools?
NOTHING ever happens here"
i dont think it was nessicary at the time cause all the pot heads at my school were gone but now they are starting to come back
"POT HEADS???
ugh..."
"Yay invatationals are this weekend for Colorado
i get to do fossils with an old friend that now is in a grade below me and in a wheelchair i feel real sorry for her"
i know her! say say that the guy that did all the same events with her last year and from jenkins says hi! good luck at invataionals!
"ok so let me get this straight
a guy that was from jenkins last year did all the events with my friend in the wheel chair says hi
wow random"
well im that guy
i say hi
"'
creepy
do you know the name of that girl
for the invites this weekend i only have to share a cabin with one other person unlike all the other kids on my team
i was so ******* close to doing fossils with da girl that i have a major crush on but i let the dos chicas decide who got to do fossils"
sadly no she was just my McGinnis buddy
"would you think that she remembers you
McGinnis buddy that is funny did you talk to her at regionals last year"
yeah i did, like once before every event i think she would remember me but idk
"i think i remember seeing you talk to her
wow i just realized i remember nothing from last years regionals other that me and my friend ****** up fermie question and that me and my rock buddy did awesome in Rx"
:O i just kinda re realized that regionals is in like a month and a week!
"yep and i turn 16 thirteen days after regionals and test for my black belt fourteen days after regionals
at regionals i will probable be wearing a beeny with Tae KwonDo embrodered on it in Korean"
I'm not sure what I will be wearing, except for the Doherty High School SO shirt it's SUPER cool!
"wow this has became random
i have already decided my hat for states
it is going to be mostly black a white stripe and a little gray
on the white strip it will say Black Belt and on the black it has a kicking figure on it
by then i will hopefully get the best 16th birthday gift other than a car which will be my black belt i Tae Kwon Do after i have been ready to test for 3 years

dam i wish i jumped on the chance to go to Costa Rica for spring break
o well maby we can convince my spanish teacher to take us to Peru spring break my senior year"
The health room at my school smelt like beer today. i find that ironic.
"do you have to take a freshmen health class at your school
i remember a girl on the high schoo base ball team last year told the coach what she learned in health that day"
yes, we do. And i have it this term and the health teacher is also my child development teacher which is a full year course so i have her twice a day. She HATES me.
child development?????
Aw, crap, must cram for Enviormental Chemestry... I hate cramming...
i'm sick today, so i have to stay home from school
I had to get up bright and early today for... orchestra. Yay...
"absolutly nothing can bring me down now
Colorado had their Invatationals today and i took first place in Write it Do it
almost got to do fossils with the hoth girl on the team
sat next to the hot girl for two hours best two hours of my life to bad i slept
but the guy giving out the awards for WIDI said for first
""and first, this was a perfect recreation because i helped with the scoring, Buena Vista HS"" i was so ******* happy to bad that we sucked at the comp we took third in Deasese Dective, third in It's about time, and uh read above FIRST IN WRITE IT DO IT
wow got a little to excited there"
congrats!!! i'm hoping my WIDI people have as much success as you!!
"yeah when the announcer said first and second place and it wasnt us i knew we had first it was confirned when he said it was a perfect structer
i learnd my coach is good at not falling to favoritism cause he ran Experemental Design and we took 5th or 7th

tell your WIDI people to read back over the partners written instruction cause it really helps"
noooo we lost the 2 best people on my team to junior districts!!! err i hate music. they should have chose to do states over districts!! and they were really good at SO
"my teams goal to get to state is getting i\dimmer each and every day from the fact that we have five unmotivated freshmen and three unmotivated sophmores and even the team captin and one of our seniors is unmotivated
that leaves us with seven people that are motivated enough to work in class
i and going to be pigeon off if we dont make it to state this year"
"Our team for states will be wiped out due to marching band. All of the people competing in the biology/chemistry events: BAM!

... Gone."
that happened to us with basketball last year cause of the stupid state playoffs
Our school has always gone to an Envirothon, but this year it conflicts with states, so I guess we'll do states over the Envirothon.
I like potatoes!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! yum yum yummy
sadly the ac dec team at the school that i am on unforutinatly has a chance at winning the state comp next monday and tuesday
why's that bad?
our ac dec team hates ac dec except the the person that happens to be my partner for Write It Do It
really? why?
it takes away from Sci Oly time
what is ac dec?
Academic Decathalon
"oh, i guess we don't have that at my school
we have scioly, math counts, and national history day. are any of you doing one of these?
oh and we have odyssey of the mind, but i'm not in that"
My high school has a math team and that's it.
today is valentines day
Yesterday was Friday the 13th, did anyone besides me feel lucky? (no sarcasm)
no i actually had a really bad day on the 13th weird right?
i didn't even notice
"Yeah yesterday i didnt even notice that it was Friday the 13th until my schools principal said something about it to me.

Dang i am really bummed out now i just realized that i am going to miss my Science Olympiad class both times this week but i get a four day weekend with a two day school week and a dance on Friday where i will ask the hot girl i have been talking about to dance with me
I have had many dreams about this which i find really strange"
let me know how that goes
Wait, sweetcoop, there's a hot girl u keep talking about? I hadn't noticed.
"I'm guessing that was sarcastic.
If only Dark Sabre accepted the sarcasm font idea..."
It was sarcastic.
"Ha ha ha very funny

I like the sarcastist font idea

the only thing that sucks is if that girl was reading any post i have made like the one about me almost doing fossils with her cause she could eaisly figure out who i am just by a process of elimination"
How can you have a sarcastic font?
We talked about it under feedback, but DS didn't like the idea.
"I say that the sarcastic font is an awesome idea

la de da
dang that was random"
It was supposed to be backwards italics. It thought it was a good idea because sometimes you're not really sure if something's sarcasm or not.
"Yes but that bit of sarcasim was easy to id cause most post by me that do with an event have this hot girl mentiond in it
except for those about my perfect score in WIDI on Feb 7"
sweetcoop all you seem to talk about is this "hot" girl
You should ask her out already and get it over with.
By now, I feel like I know everything there is to know about sweetcoop's personal relationship with this girl.
wow i guess i should stop talking to you guys about this girl
or just show us a picture so we can no if she is hot or not
"yeah dont got no pictures of her other that year book pictures
their is a really blurry image of her in both stupid sword fighting vids put on youtube by cucanela"
She's not that hot.
Yes!
"Wow, so I'm guessing you also don't have her number, which means that she's probably waiting for you to make the first move. *nudge, nudge*
Yeah, I'm like Dr. Phil.

EDIT: We should just make a thread called ""Sweetcoop's Hot Girl"" and talk about her there and not clog up other threads. I'm totally joking, but it's a cool idea."
you dont even know what she looks like
"wow it seems like everyone is ganging up on sweetcoop.... thats not nice

When she was 22 her future looked bright, shes nearly 30 now and shes out every night."
"WTF

god dam i had the perfect random thing to state but i fergot it"
No, you're right. I didn't see her, but by now it seems like if I ever saw a picture of her it would be a letdown.
i should do that
wow, u guys have NO lives. instead of trashing sweetcoop about his inablity to get a girl, why don't u guys go out and find ur own hot girls. and sweetcoop, she must have other redeeming qualities besides her hotness. appeal to her other qualities, and it probably won't be that hard to..um...nvm
I'm sorry sweetcoop. We shouldn't be making fun of you like this.
"Everyone has there 15 minutes of fame." However, here at scioly.org, everyone has their time to be picked on. We'll all eventually get picked on. But still, I'm sorry sweetcoop.
I've been watching kiddie shows all day and let me say my phonics have never been better! C... AT.... C.. AT.. C.AT. CAT!
I had a Barney nightmare last night.
eww my elmers glue is clear
"Actually you are right she is really smart, in gymnastics, and in cheerleading
wow if one of my friends on my sci oly team read this she could figure out the girls name
Wow there were a lot of cute girls at the Academic Decathalon state comp this year
Yay my Ac Dec team took third place out of all of the small schools their and i got two bronze medals"
I didn't have school yesterday and today cause of Mid-Winter Break!
neither did i but i had to go to Greeley
I have the week off, but I have to spend it doing my English essay and History project.
"my ife is now where i just want to go to school, go to pratice, go home and go to bed. Baseball pratice pigeon sucks
i was hit almost everywhere today except the facd and between the legs"
"okayyyyyyyyyy
got back from New yawk today!
yawwwwwwn"
Friday tomorrow. School is so boringggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggg.
"definetly,
anyone else have practice over vacation?
like, 8-1?"
We did. It was a social event though. NOTHING at all got done.
"ok i had a field trip to Denver today and we in the back of the bus were prank calling all of the numbers we saw and one was a car dealership and my friend asked the guy how long you can survive in the trunck of a car the said ""well lets say he was bound and gagged"" after some talking the guy told him to tie up a guy, gag him put him in the trunk of a car and see how long it takes him to die

Oh joy school tomorrow atleas i have a school dance to go to"
Why do you have a school dance?
NHS wanted to do one on Jan 17 but we postponed the dance to tomorrow i memory of one of our best woodshop teachers that this school ever had
denmarksoccer, do you not have school dances or something?
We do, but this year we're only gonna have a winter dance and 8th grade dance. There are dances out at a church every Friday, but it's not just for our school and anyway I heard kids smoke and do drugs there so...
We also had church dances every Friday. They stopped doing it though because it got wayyyy to out of hand. Lots of drugs/alcohol, a kid brought a knife once, a kid kicked a hole into the wall, and then someone threatened to kill my ex boyfriend. The same kind of stuff happened at the after parties for the school dances as well.
I have Math Counts tomorrow so i'll almost be out of school for the whole day!
"Yeah our school dances are rather well ran
No smoking or anything like that... well other that the time i spent the first dance of my 8th grade year hiding in the boys restroom to avoid people till i finally got asked to dance by a 7th grader i didn't know.
It was funny cause one of my friends turned down a dance from a High Schooler that was hot"
I got second as an individual at Math Counts and 1st as a team! We're going on to states!
Tomorrow will be destiny or failure. SCIENCE BOWL!!!!
"A kid at my school that i use to be friends with was cut from the baseball team to day
I am so pigeon happy about that cause i hatel this kid when he tells me pigeon info"
congrats croman!!! and good luck sciolykid
"Oh my god i am so
Ok i didn't get to dance with this girl that i have been talking about cause she was not at the dance but I got to dance with my old crush which made me really really really"
From today its only 2 weeks away from regionals. I"M SCARED
I have National History Day on March 14th, Science Olympiad on March 21st, Math Counts on March 28th, and finally I have spring break. A nice little vacation after weeks of work.
Anchovies!!!!!
That reminds me about last year. I had a busy week the week of states. States was on Saturday, March 15th. I was in the student/faculty basketball game on Wednesday, March 12th. Then the next day on the 13th i had to go to a women in science conference all day at a local college.
Also through March 12-16 I have hockey play-offs.
"Last year I had about six competitions in the span of 7 weeks:

Regional SO-March 12
Scholastic Chess Tournament-March 29
County Spelling Bee-March 25
PA Geography Bee-April 4
PA SO-April 25
PACE (8th grade equivalent of Scholastic Scrimmage/Quiz Bowl)-May 5

So yeah, that was my spring last year. This year is also pretty hectic, as I have five competitions in a month

MVC (our school's conference) Chess Tournament-February 17
MVC/LVC (other conference) SO Invitational-February 27
Regional Scholastic Scrimmage-March 2
Regional SO-March 11
Scholastic Chess Tournament-March 21"
I've been gone for a few days at State band. Funness!!!
"March is such a hetic month for me
March 7 Pepsi Challenge bowling
March 14 Sci oly Regionals
March 21-26 I'll be in Denver and Los Vagas
March 27 I turn 16
March 28 I test for my black belt in TaeKwon-Do

So the 21-28 i start in Denver and i end in denver And i will only be home one day for my spring break"
LOOK AT THE PRETTY COLORS!!!!!!
I feel like such a loser because I'm doing nothing all month.
your not the only one
YES!!!
"Yay i am no longer on the list of people that can be cut from the baseball team cause i made JV
I know it is nothing to be excited about"
I need some Converse that I can get everyone to sign
New assassinator is coming out can't wait
I wonder if I'm being stalked.
"hey blufoster, how do u know you're going to augusta?
have you already won states?"
yep
"really? ours is march 21
and every time i think about it, i hyperventilate"
thats wen the highschool competes
"march 21? or whenever you competed?
cuz i'm div b."
thats when our highschool which I'll be @ next year competes we competed Saturday
"So i learned a good lesson today
It hurts to get hit in the head by a baseball thrown by a pitcher with out a helmet on
Well at least he didnt throw full speed

Dam i need to find a different reason to go to basketball games I either
A. Watch the cheerleaders
B. Watch the players on the other team(some are actually hot)
C. Think about other girls that are 4 hours in Greely where they live"
I've been hit in the spot with a baseball once. It really hurt. But luckily it bounced just before it hit me, so it wasn't as hard.
"Lucky
I almost took a line drive there once
But it hit me in the thigh"
I am not meant to drive... I thought my left was my right for 6 hours...
I'm a klutz. I am magnetically attracted to metal poles . (I ALWAYS run into them). Now all my friends will think that I will be magnitized to a passing car and killed.
"I am almost ready for Regionals but my team is a different story
At least the freshmen that my friend said did no work worked all last class

God this is stressful plus i cant focus on anything but um 3 different girls"
I've been sick for 2 days straight!
I ♥ FRED FIGGLEHORN!!!!!!!!!!!!
Why do I even bother?
"i fractured my OTHER ankle cuz i fell off the friggin balance beam
at least i have a pretty colored cast"
wut color cast did u get?
I bet it's pink. am i right?
"no, it's black
jk, it's pink
crutches are fun"
are you going to be able to go to states?
Do they ask you what color cast you want?
They did when I broke my wrist last year. I got orange!
Orange you glad you did pick yellow
I was on crutches once when i fractured my ankle. I was really bad at using them. I actually twisted my other ankle using them [no joke!!]. They kinda confuse me too. I'm 5'2 so that's what i set them at yet i was bent over sooo far when i used them.. i had to move it all the way up to 5'5 After a few days i completely gave up on them and went back to walking with a reallyyyy bad limp. No way i'm using those things again.
Wow no offence Pleiades but 5'2 is really short that is ok that is taller than a few kids at my school inculding a senior
I'm 5'6''.
See i am around 5'8
Im 5' 8 too!!!!! (I'm kinda tall for a girl... )
5'4"!! Go shortness!
I was always the short one.. except for in like 4th and 5th grade when i was a giant. Girls usually arnt that all anyway.
hey im 5'2"
Well, for me it's short. 9th grade guys are usually taller.
Uhh, my coach just put me on fossils with 3 weeks to go before regionals.
one of my best guy friends is in the 9th grade and he is 5'
Today is my HALF-BIRTHDAY!!!!!!!!!!!
why didnt you tell me sooner i would have gotten your present
i did like Saturday & every week for the past 2 months
seriously? your half birthday is really close to mine... however, this year i don't have one!
i have super glue all over my fingers. at least the WS wings are way better now.
ur b-day is on Feb. 29th? do u only celebrate ur bday every 4 years?
"i'm 4' 11, and i'm in 7th grade though
i had to move my crutches up to 5'2
i ♥ crutches, but my guy friends apparenty think it's funny to steal them from me while i'm sitting down so i have to limp to get them back"
luckily it was during the summer that i was on crutches. If it was during the school year then i would like die because i'd have to use that scary school elevator that probably hasn't passed an inspection since 1920.
"Yes i got my baseball hat today
It is really cool"
my HS season doesnt start for like another month. my senior league season doesn't start for another 2 months!
No line on the Horizon is out on March 3rd!!!!!!!
"You know it is baseball season in Colorado when one day it is raining(Monday) and the next it is 65 pigeon degrees out(Tuesday) of last week
than friday it was snowing, sunny, windy, raining, and raining and snowing at the same time all in one day"
There's no snow over there in colorado? We could never start this early because there would be too much snow and it would be way to cold. We're supposed to get a foot of snow today/tomorrow
"there is snow just not in the valley i live in

My valley is where the 2nd largest earthquake in Colorado happens cause the valley is sinking and every 100 or so years the valley sinks and their is a major earthquake which we can expect soom cause it has been 100+ years since the last quake"
I'm getting a foot of snow tommorow! I am so excited!!!!!
"really?
bleh, i thought it was going to get warmer"
OMG!!!!!!!!!!! ITS SNOWING!!!!!!!!!!! I'M DOING THE SNOW DANCE!!!!!!!!!!!
Yep. Dont count on having school tomorrow Earlier today they were saying 12-16 but now it's down to 8-12 inches
That's what it is for us.
scichic34 - you have no school tomorrow!! neither do I!!
"do they really cancle school there if you have twelve inches of snow
we need three feet here
Fridays pratice was cold but if you compaired it to last year it would have been a warm day. Hell pratice this time last year was still in the morning in the school gym. Than the first week end in March we had to shovle of the field. Sad thing is that the snow was from the storm that we got on December,7 which was around three feet and all the snow was around till March. It sucked"
we cancel school when you see flakes no lie because we never get snow
Normally they wouldn't close with 12 inches but it's coming right before people leave for school and there's going to be like 2 inches an hour. Last time that happened only half of the HS teachers got to school by second block. Too much traffic and most of them live over 30 minutes away.
"no school tomorrow!!!!
just got the call
much better than last time when they called at 5 in the morning.
it totally defeated the purpose of finally sleeping in"
"You can read in the You know you have been in a reagion too long to hear this but where i live i have walked to school in at least a foot of snow this year some school cancle school before it was that bad
Last school year when we had the major storm in December the school decided to cancle school after an hour and a half of school and when everyone with cars had to dig them out it pigeon me off cause i missed Spanish. Wait that is not a bad thing cause my spanish teacher was a punta"
They call you for school closings? We just have to look online or at the TV.
"Yep. They wake us up at around five to tell us that we can sleep in.

<sarcasm> Not ironic at all. </sarcasm>"
Here they announce it over the intercom cause we are at school when they decide to tell us to go home for the rest of the day
OMG i remember that!!! We closed at the VERY last minute. I woke up in the morning and fox sends me text messages to tell me about delays or closings so i clicked my phone so the light would turn on and there was no text so i was like "you got to be kidding me!!" so i turn on the TV and we were listed But they call you, scichic34? The only time the school has ever called us was last year when we had a bomb threat. They called us like 5 times to give us updates of what was going on and procedures for tomorrow. I remember we all had to walk though the front door which caused a lot of chaos with 1,200 students. Then on the loudspeaker they kept saying "all students are to report to their last period class form yesterday and are not to go to their lockers" i still have that stuck in my head.. so i go to english and after 10 minutes they were still saying that nonstop and my math teacher next door screams WHERE ARE THEY SUPPOSED TO GO???!!!!
At least you were not at school for 1hr and 30min before they decided to cancle school
haha that sounds like kinda fun yet at the same time annoying. A few months ago we closed after 3rd block [10:50] due to snow. That was planned though. They would never let us out early unless it was decided upon the day before because people's parents work and you cant have little elementary school kids walking 3 miles home in the middle of the street with a foot of snow on the street because their parents cant pick them up.
"Wow at least you guys have snow days
We have high levels of snow for them to cancle snow and we almost never get snow"
Well it's impossible to get to school with 12 inches of snow on the streets. I mean it's not like if there's snow on the ground then we dont have school. If it's impossible to actually get there then we dont have school. There's around 2 feet of snow on the ground all winter which means i have to walk in the street and cars almost run into me.
alot of schools hold classes when there is 12 inches of snow on the ground
how about 36-40 inches of snow on the ground
That's a lot. It doesnt matter how much snow is on the ground.. all that matters is that you can physically get to the building. I'm honestly sick of snow right now. I'm worried that it's going to snow on the day of states like it did last year.
Last year it got to that point with us we worring on if the buses can make it cause we have busses that travel over passes, from Leadville, and Salida
Tomorrow, if there is enough snow I'm gonna make a snowman!!!!!!!!
Snow day!!!!! That was a bit late, but whatever... I feel bad for the schools in PA that only have 2-hour delays.
Man all of the snow is melting
still snowing over here. suppose to stop some time like 8pm
"Yeah, and for us, they also call for special events, supposed absences, important dates, and other stuff. It's actually kind of annoying.

We only got a couple inches, but up in the mountains of our district it's impossible for the buses, so they close all schools for the district!"
Its snowing and everything looks like a wreck.
i really dont want 2 go to school tomorrow but i prolly will have to.
My Sci Oly coach will be out of school for 2 weeks. This will be a disaster cause it is so close to Regionals and without him there the other people in the class will pigeon around all hour and get nothing done and we will fail at regionals. Just watch that will happen and our only medal will be in Write It Do It. Just wait cause i am sure i am right
"i'm bored, so i'm on youtube
how cute is this kid???
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eQOFRZ1wNLw"
I've got ADD & mgic markers!! Oh the thrills I will have!!!!!!!!!!!
I can smell the end of Sci Oly here at BVHS
My feet are really cold from being in that auditorium.
Jesus isn't Moses!!!!
I wanna COOKIE!!!!!!!
neh, i'd rawther have and apple/cherry pie/strudel.
I have wayyy too much HW tonight
I have so much that I start having random panic attacks where I'm (literally) hyperventilating and have to get a paper bag.
oh god regionals is so close i just hope that my team qualifies for state
oh god states is so close i just hope that my team qualifies for nationals(not going to happen...)
haha the guy at radioshack felt bad for me!
I take the evil CSAP test for the very last time next week. God i am glad that i never will have to deal with those dam tests again
"states is so soon!!
i think i am going to die!!!
i am also craving some raspberry sherbert"
States is on Monday!
Regionals is in 3 weeks! I'm so scared!!!!!!
good luck at states, scichic!! i would think it would be hard with crutches!!
I hit a moving truck at pratice with a foul ball at baseball pratice yesterday
I have a lot of homework, but enough time to do it... except that I'm probably going to end up playing Tetris or something for hours instead of doing my work.
psh, who needs raspberry sherbet; i love lemon ice cream
haha nice. the only thing i ever hit with a softball is my coach. nailed him right in the stomach!! Last year when i was pitching i almost got nailed right in the head and let me tell you, softballs are huge and massive despite the name. Luckily my glove was up by my head because that's how i end my wind up and the ball landed right in the glove. I was lucky because i would have no time for a reaction. It happened so fast that i was able to pick off the runner at first who took only 2 steps off the base.
"Nice!!!

I wish something lucky happened to me during soccer, like an easy goal..."
IT'S DISSOLVABLE!!!!!!!!!!(insider)
bet it was scotty (also inside joke)
YOUR GRANDMA GOES TO COLLEGE!!!!!!
"oh, i'm ditching the crutches at states
i can totally walk without them at this point
i'm just glad i'm not on pentathlon!"
haha i know right. you would probably win pentathlon even with an injury!!
Meh
Ugg i learned that the cheerleaders here suck cause five baseball players out cheered them at the game last night
MAN SODA!
So i found out that my school is thinking about going to a four day school week for next year
Really? That's strange. You'd probably have a lot shorter summer vacation then.
i hate the idea of them going to year round school
I saw that on the news!
Yay my school has a possibility of winning 2 more state championships to make our total for this year 6
That's maybe what Obama's new Education guy wants us to do.
That would suck!
It would mean more vacations, but they would be shorter.
no way, uh uh, butterfly butterfly butterfly!
im feeling cannibalistic today....
hey me too! wanna meet me for dinner? ur on the menu.....
well, i was gonna eat YOU, but let's compromise and eat my friend, crazibanana_51.
Ur mean and you can't eat me my blood is acid I'll burn you!!
"wow i am gonna walk away now.

turns back walks out of room

remindes for of when i walk in on people talking about really inapproiate stuff"
i leave with sweetcoop
"I'm not weird. I'm not random. I'm just smarter then the rest of u
-One of my frinedssaid this"
"Dont you just hate it when you walk into strange conversations

I just left cause i dont want to be eaten"
"i hate it it is funny sometimes to listen to what is being said in the hallways most of the time it is quite awkward to just walk into conversations

i always seem to come in at the wrong time"
Yes me to
Lol I'm usually one of the ones in the conversations that make people walk away.
Oh my pigeon god i am realling stressing out there is 6 days till regionals and we have 3 team members that have to decide between going to the state baskedball games to cheer or to go to comp. Sadly the hot girl i have mentioned is on of them and so is my Fossils partner. Also for my Sci Oly class we will have class for a total of 50 minutes this week cause of the pigeon CSAP tests, thank god i will never have to take them again, and cause we dont have school of Friday cause we made it to state for basketball. So i will be turning into a real pigeon and I will force the team to pack and get ready for the comp Monday and Wednesday cause i want to be prepared and i want to make it to state this year so we can keep the club going. I will also probaly have to pick up more events to make up for the 1 suckish cheerleader, 1 hot cheerleader, but probably the disabled cheerleader. No joke since my Fossils partner was in the 1st grade she has been in a wheelchair
Regionals is too close!!! I wish it would just come already!!!!!!
I am so nervous about states!! It's in a little over a week and my team's robot still isnt done!! I've yet to see a trajectory and the binders havent even been made yet!! and the anatomy people dont know what platelets are
2nd place at regionals. I got 2 second place medals, one for Disease, and one for Meteorology.
uhm. muffins are just ugly cupcakes but they taste a whole lot better.
Wow my team will be really unprepared for Regionals. We are not packed and we will not have class again this week. Wow i hate The CSAPs they really suck. Well at least i am almost done with the test. Yay i am in a dodgeball tourney but today in a game and i have to say the person who threw the ball has good aim but he knocked a ball out of my hand as i was attemping to catch it. Yay no school on Thursday or Friday cause the girs basket ball team made it to the final 8. My baseball coach decided to throw me back five feet when he went to tag me when he was the catcher than i did a faceplant at class tonight
"My daily random comment.
I'm a math geek that's a girl but does not being a math geek, but likes knowing a lot of stuff to get good grades."
I'm going skiing today!! I will probably be the only day i miss of high school but oh well.
My nickname for dodgeball is "Nolan Ryan"
I am the worst person you will ever meet at 4-square
I wish Food Science was still an event, because it was the best.
I like your flower picture, its so pretty.
Thank you, I found it randomly on my computer
"my daily random comment
I'm not allowed to play on my tennis team."
"Ugg i have regionals this saturday and two of the team members thought that it would be OK for the to blow of the competition for pigeon CHEERLEADING.

Wow this is the one post i make i hope that the mentioned hot girl never reads on here cause she is one of the pigeon that is going cheerleading.

Oh well i gaind two more events from them"
my trajectory partner went to honor band instead of helping me so i did it by myself
I had my last hockey practice today. At least we still have playoffs!
"Now was that a pratice or Regionals

The reason i am so pigeon is that this happens to us every time we lose people cause of basketball and the fact that Colorado is stupid and has Sci Oly regionals on the day of the Championship game. The thing that pigeon me off about the pigeon CHEERLEADERS is they decide to bail out two pigeon days before regionals so this happens just like witn me and unexperienced people get thrown into events that they dont want to do. All i know is states i have a conflict with baseball and if we qualify i would like to do the same to the god dam cheerleaders on tlhe team an bail out the day before so they know what it feels like but i won't do that cause i have a chance a meadling in Write It Do It. God i am so pigeon urked by this. I swear that i will hate the two cheerleaders for a pigeon eternity if we dont make it to state cause the bailed out at almost the last second. Now that is saying something cause one of these cheerleaders is the hot girl i talked so much about on these forums. God dam i am so pigeon off. Well atleas pep band decided to not be at the games saturday cause than our team would really be screwed cause we now have to compete with 15 people and no alternates. Wow i did a lot of cussing in this ranting post.


Now on a happy note i have a four day weekend due to the fact that our girls basketball team made it to state. Sad that what makes me happy gets me so pigeon angry at the same time."
"again.wow.
If I were you, I would try to vote them off the team."
"the world is mine!!
mwahahahah!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"I can speak some German

Guten Tag!"
Hello
Parent Teacher Conferences today!
i can curse in 5 different languages!!!! including american sign language!!!................that was me saying i love your rhino shoes dipped in chocolate with butterfly butterfly singing.
really? no way!! same here. My parents arnt going though.. last time they got into an argument with one of my teachers and flirted with another.
that. is. so. unbelievably. amazing.
im doomed. my teamate is on crack! jk, but shes acting like shes drunk or something.
Oh, I know people who are always like that.
i wonder why...
i have 5 tests tomorrow.
hehe...i sent a strongly worded pm to my friend.
i paid my friend to serenade my english teacher. (if you guys don't know mr unmack, that's a really, really funny thing for someone to do)
I once was the topic of a bet. (the bet was $10 to ask me out)
I have 3 bucks on my desk.
"What what personally made me mad and hope the girls lose today is that if they were to go i was going to get to do fossils with the hot girl i mentiond so i hope the girls lose today and my coach doesnt make them become the alternates if they can go cause than i wont have to do Dynamic Planet.

Well i guess i cant be to mad at them cause the same thing happened last year but i hated the people that we lost last year"
"-sigh-
you and your hot girl problems...
you talk about her in almost every forum. Why don't you just tell her you like her...are you afraid of her?"
No. My plan was to talk to her this weekend but unless the girls lose today that wont happen
Well, there's this one guy on my team that was too shy to ask me.
Just drop the topic right now.
"yeah, the topic can get a bit pushy.

so... how's everybody's life."
Great but i am really stressed out cause Tomorrow is the regional Comp here in Colorado and even though i have been in sci oly for 4 years now i should not be this aprehensive i just want to do well so we can make it to state and have a team next year.
"Our regional is on the 28th.
I think you've been in SO too long, you should feel confident"
In my events yes but as a team no
I've been in a good mood for almost a month straight now... but today sucked and so I'm not anymore. I want my random life-high back!
"Good for the school our girls basketball team won today

Bad for Sci Oly is that we will have no alternates at the regional comp tomorrow.

Wow i have calmed down for the comp and i am no longer pigeon off at the two cheerleaders mainly cause i rememberd that i thought one of them was really hot"
i got wheels!
kenken is the coolest
british people like tweed
kenken got dismantled.
Spring Break!
I have National History Day tomorrow. Hopefully we do well and move on to states. Luckily we have a really high chance because the top 2 teams move on to states, and in our group (the group plays) there are only 3 teams!
"Happy Birthday to Albert Einstein on March 14!
thats tomorrow!"
Yay i get to wake up at 4 in the morning tomorrow morning cause i have a long drive to the regionals. Ok not that long it was a longer drive to go to state for Ac Dec this year
Really? Einstein was born on Pi Day??
Is anyone else doing cSplash? (It's this math/sci one day program at NYU- registration opened on pi day, today, at 1:59 AM, that's why I thought of it).
"Wow, it's weird not having to prepare for states...maybe we'll make it next year...

Only 7 posts until the 1000th post on this thread!"
Be cool.
"i was going to do something at MIT called MITSplash. Only it was for two days there and it was in the fall. I'm hoping i can go next year.
Oh and eathousemd's brother was born on pi day!!"
i luv pi day. at my school we usually celebrate by eating pie. or other circular things. last year i brought in pie for my entire science class.
"i went up to both my mother and my brother and said ""hey did you now today's pi day?"" and they're both like ""pi day? i've never heard of it!""

my school does nothing for pi day. Some of the math teachers probably would have worn a pi shirt on casual friday but they wore a shirt in memory of the math teacher who died on monday instead. Most teachers dont participate in casual friday because you have to pay 5 dollars to wear something casual."
What does the money go towards?
the school.
"1000th post!!!!

I feel accomplished now."
We made it to states for NHD. Only 3 teams competed in our category and the top 3 teams go on, so it was kinda pointless. But we probably would've gotten first, but they don't tell you what place you got.
I have an iPod.
I want an i phone
yeah our school has casual fridays for teachers and they also have to pay some money but i think it goes to a charity.
We do? Did you know that yesterday was Polo Friday?
"A few here
First YES BVHS IS GOING TO STATE THIS YEAR
Before i say this i don't mean to be mean to you dudeincolorado
Dudeincolorado has a really funny voice
Oh before i forget Dude Congrats in taking 3rd in picture this
I took 8th in Dynamic Plante without doing any studing in that event and 15th in WIDI when that is my best event."
"yeah i have an awkward voice i know... but it was awkwarder because I was kinda sick and all my events were talky events my voice was weird by the end

congrats you guys made it to state!!!! that means SO is safe for at least one more year right?

awww my stamp is almost gone"
she wore an itsy bitsy, teeny weeny, yellow polka dot bikini!
"Dude yes that means that we have sci oly for at leas 1 more year

my stamp was almost gone by my first event at 10 and i think i was the only person on my team that had 5 events"
"Congrats sweetcoop, I'm glad you get to keep scioly.
My hockey season ended today."
"Thanks

Hey croman where did you get the assassinator sig"
Starpug sent out a PM about it. PM him back if you want one made.
Congrats sweetcoop and dude.
BOW BEFORE THE ALMIGHTY CAT HORSE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Just PM for your Assassination Badges
Today was my Algebra teacher's birthday but he wasn't in the best mood.
"Okay, I just got a few new events. These are the events I'm competing in on Saturday:

Scrambler (i knew this from the start)
Fossils (learned this 2 weeks ago)
Trajectory (i'm not doing much, just helping the one already built)
Robo-cross (learned that today, me and my partner, who also learned this today, have to make a robot in 5 days)
Pentathlon (my coach wants me to do this event because I'm the ""most athletic kid on the team"". I kinda already knew that.

But since I have a scheduling conflict with Pentathlon and Elevated Bridge, I have to build a bridge then somebody else will test it (my brother). Luckily if the bridge medals, I get the medal.
I have a lot of work to do."
What if this weren't a hypothetical question?
LUCKY. if my bridge and/or scrambler medals [or ribbons] the person who entered it for me gets the medal [or ribbon]
My coach absolutely refuses to make anyone give up what they've built to another pair. He says it's not in the spirit of competition, and I can see that, because on top of it not being fair to the kid, then what's to stop you just keeping the same device that some genius built like ten years ago when the event was last in rotation and just replacing whatever's worn out?
That won't work because the rule changes are significant enough (most of the time) to keep someone from using the exact same one. To make the changes work, you have to know the machine inside and out.
"Okay, that was just an example. Even using a device built by someone who left the year before wouldn't be in that ""spirit of competition"", and then it would basically be the same.

The real issue was that we had a Nationals-worthy Trajectory, but the kid who built it wasn't put on the team, so we had a little dilemma. Basically, he's helping out the pair who are doing Trajectory for the team build theirs, but he's not handing over his (and if he does, we're not telling the head coach lol- because our tech coach doesn't really have the same injunction against it)."
Ah. I see your point. That is a problem.
ah yes i have my first baseball game of the season today
"Happy 15th birthday starpug!
I'm not a stalker, it just says at the bottom of the index page."
I WANT A PONY!!!!! LOL jk
So, anyone else who is obsessed with March Madness have predictions for the NIT?
I have all this homework, as usual, but I'm taking a day off to study for SO because I was randomly feeling like all my events would fail
Homework? Don't you have spring break right now? I do.
We've got spring break in early April, actually... another few weeks of full school
We have to do a project in math about March Madness. Its farely easy but my algebra teacher & the pre-algebra teacher paired people from each class up. And I happened to get one of the not so smart people in the other class. ugghhh
That happens to me and when it does, I just do all the work for the benifit of learning. Yes, call me the nerd.
I do to, but I wish they would pair the smart people together so that they'll each do an equal amount of work. I mean this girl spelled president & Oregon wrong.
Wow, now I do see what you mean.
yeh
Me too!
Regionals in 12 days!!! *stops, looks at screen and realizes that i am wasting precious studying time and leaps out of my chair to go cram fossils*
3 days! And I still have to finish that robot, finish building my bridge, cram stuff for fossils, do nothing for scrambler, and run like 100 miles in prep for pentathlon!
lol, our regionals are in 10, March 28th. But I've already crammed enough stuff in my head.
Ha i have had my least amount of events this year even with a lot of them switching at the comps. Yay i am back up to five events. When i got the state sceduel none of my five events were at the same time but i gave fossils to a girl on the team. The one in a wheelchair cause she had two events that were both at nine so i gave up fossils. than with out the person i took the place of knowing i got put back into Expermental design and i also got a new forensics partner
i have 2 events compute this and scrambler and for scrambler i'm a substitute
24 hours from now i'll be done with most of my events and almost done with my last state competition
18 hours from now i'll be starting my first event.
I've got an ADD hangover because I forgot my medication!!!
"I despise so-called ""partners"" who do nothing, who say ""Yeah, I'm free to work on it at 4"" and maybe finally show up 2 hours later, who break event-devices and don't fix them, who seem unable to contribute any real ideas, who want to sit around and watch TV while their other partner works, who just can't seem to go with SIMPLE but must go with HOPELESSLY COMPLICATED when THERE IS NO TIME LEFT and who are willing to let someone else do all the work.

Useless. Better off doing the event alone, so much for team spirit ."
Some of my friends from the high school (including my amazing WIDI partner from last year) came back to visit today and it made me happy
Brittany Spears and Micheal Jackson would make a good couple. Seriously though. Did you know Kanye West is going to jail?
"are you competing for scrambler but just letting your partner do all the work or are you actually doing scrambler?
But waaaaaay more seriously, i don't think running 100 miles is enough, one you run 200miles you might be good enough to be able to do 15 jumping jacks, then walking 10 ft."
Does anyone know what specifically is on KFC's new value menu?
Throw some shrimp on the barbie!
ooo bad 80's movie....
"I'm actually doing scrambler. Everything's set, which is why I'm not doing anything else. I still don't even know who my partner will be on that event. But it doesn't matter, cause s/he won't do anything.
3 hours before my first event: SCRAMBLER!"
Agh, the high school team is competing right now at West Point (well actually, all they're doing right now is impounding tech events, but they will be competing today... I can't wait to hear how they do!).
Wake Forest just lost! OMG I'm so mad. They're my favorite team.
"Good luck Croman!!

Permit test tommorow! I still don't know my left from my right... this is bad"
"Just got back from regionals:
Trajectory: 1st! I didn't really do much for this.
Scrambler: 15th. I was placed in the second tier because the egg wasn't 2cm in front of the car.
Fossils: 6th! I was really surprised. The test was hard and I only had 3 weeks to prepare.
Pentathlon: 4th! I was laughing the whole time I did this event.
Elevated Bridge: 9th! I was one spot away from a medal, but I'm really happy.
Robo-cross: IDK, I didn't get a score sheet yet.

Overall my team placed 4th and is moving on to states. Our high school team also made it to states for the first time in 16 years!"
Wow, congrats!
Thank you! I was really happy with how things went.
I just hope things will go somewhat as well as yours. We have regionals in 1 week.
Good luck!
Thanks!
one sec gulf coast is in one week?
"Well, my coaches calender say this:
Gulf Coast Reigionals held in Galveston, TX at Texas A&M will be on March 28th, 2009. Help any? I thought Riverwood and Kelly Lane are going to someplace else?"
"i have no idea where my team is going
and i call myself the team captain"
Well, if you are going to Galveston, see you guys on Saturday!
"Congrats, but i'm surprised they second tiered you because the egg wasn't 2 cm in front, at regionals, i told the judge i was going to launch, he said hold on a sec. and then he measured the how far the egg was in front and some other stuff. my egg was like 1.5 cm in front, so he told me i had 2 change it, so i just shifted the egg up but didn't get 2nd tiered.
also, how close were you and how far was the distance?"
The wall was 8.5 meters away. I believe that on the 1st run I was 20 cm away. The first run was when they said that it was less than 2 cm. I was allowed to change it before the 2nd run, so I moved it a little and retaped it. However, when I launched, due to the fact that I have a hammer launcher, the egg fell backwards. It fell onto another part of the device, but then it was determined broken. It was almost not broken, but there were 3 very small specks on the paper towel.
I was surprised at that too, Cleveland St. has a good chance at making the Sweet 16.
They better not make the Sweet 16. North Carolina's gonna' win!
"Well, Cleveland St. has to play Arizona, and if they can beat a team as good as Wake Forest, than they can definitely beat Arizona.

And I have UConn winning!"
Our highschool won their state championship, so they get to go with us[ the middle school team] to Augusta!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Sorry, but they're not beating Memphis.
I have Memphis lose to UNC in the finals. There have been quite a few 12th seed upsets. I called the Wisconsin-Florida St upset.
Well, UConn is destroying everyone more than Memphis is. I think that if UConn stays in the groove they're in, they can beat anybody.
I passed my permit test with an 80! If I had missed one more I would've failed! I'm going to be a great driver!
Congrats to you!
congrats dude!!! I can test for my permit in 9 months i think
They can't beat UNC! Tyler Hansbrough, Ty Lawson, Ellington, Danny Green, that team is stacked. Only person UConn has is Hasheem tall but slow Thabeet.
"And UConn isn't stacked? They just don't have the well-known guys, but overall they're amazing top to bottom.

And I just found out you can only have 3 quotes within each other."
I just found that out too!!
My Science book has curse words in it.
Hola, Hello, Salve, Bonjur, Aloha
An Olive Garden opens either today or yesterday! 1st one within a 20 mile radius for us!
We are getting a chick fil et
i got pokemon platinum yesterday
Shaquille O'Neal is a Monster truck with 50 tons of cement on it. Micheal Jordan's jealous of the big daddy. Shaq's also got dancing skills.
Galveston Regionals! Then again...
vroom vroom crash!
Hummingbirds are awesome.
(I'm bored)
My teamates are posting in the posting games section while at science olympiad
You have a lot of teammates on this site.
"I had fun in Las Vegas, Nevada
According to this site it is my birthday today"
I have a quiz in AP World today that I'm only sort of prepared for! Oh joy!
AP? In Junior High?
god i hate the pigeon snow right now. I almost ended up trapped in New Mexico cause of the snow when i have to be in Denever, Colorado tomorrow to test for my black belt and CO is getting pounded with snow
we have science olympiad tomorrow and all my events i can't really study for
Here in NE PA it's around 60 degrees! Weather around here's really crazy...
I just noticed it's sweetcoop's 16th birthday today!
"snow's amazing! I made a snowman today!
wait is it your birthday sweetcoop?"
probably, his name is listed on the index.
The word fantasy has always freaked my out... When I hear it I always think of those "chat with live singles" commercials.
I'm in 9th grade (our school is 7-8-9), and we take AP World as a two-year class, 9th and 10th grade.
lucky. we have to wait until junior year to take any AP classes and even then there's a limited amount. It's also hard to fit them into your schedule with only 6 blocks to work with
Oof, only 6 blocks? We have a 9-period day- at the junior high, one of those periods is lunch, but at the high school you can schedule yourself out of lunch and take an elective or something instead.
"Hopefully I will take AP US History next year

Wait. How do you do an AP class over 2 years?"
I HATE only having 6 blocks to work with. My biology teacher told me that i should take AP bio at some point during HS. The only year i can fit that in is junior year. The problem is, i want to take physics and genetics/microbiology junior year. The only way to fit AP biology in is to drop my foreign language which i really dont want to do but it looks like i'll have to. Next year, sophomore year, will be my last year of taking electives due to lack of a large schedule to work with. There are some electives that are really fun that i would like to take but i obvioulsy cant.
"I had said something about it earler

God my right wrist hurts cause i broke a cement tile with my hand"
Did you get your black belt?
I dont know yet
Hopefully you do! When do you find out?
WoodCreek Junior High 7th and 8th graders are going to state! We got first at our regionals! Yay!
you beat becandoff?
No, I hope you guys are, though.
hopefully *goes back to reading about volcaneos and identifing salamanders*
Nah, don't worry, they're dead scared of you guys. You guys are the best. besides maybe kelly lane.
Should be Wednesday
Well, we take the AP test at the end of the 2nd year... the first year is like beginning of humans to 1750, and the second year is 1750 to the present.
God i will never say the chances of me seeing a certian person again are 1 in a 1,000,000 cause i said this about a girl in Greeley and The next TKD related thing i am at i see her. I also said this about the blind girl that lives 30 miles away and guess what at the wal-Mart in the city she lives in i saw her. Wow and in the past week this is the first day i thought of the many timed mention "hot girl''. That makes 34 posts with "hot girl" in it
"i was chatting yesterday. go me!

and i couldn't get my username to show up. i think starpug and tehkubix thought i was a complete idiot!"
Don't worry I'm pretty sure EVERYONE thinks I'm a bit of an idiot
I ache all over- first soccer game of the season yesterday...
GO VILLANOVA IN THE FINAL FOUR! NOVA' NATION! WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOHOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!
Tomorrow's my last day of school before spring break!
You guys have spring break really late compared to ours.
We're back folks
Wow I thought gh and seigelord weren't lying.
That sounds like adrenalin-pumpin', heart-stoppin', mind-erasin', endorphin-releasin', brain-stimulatin' fun!!!
so you guys were banned for real and then unbanned? (to starpug)
I think he means that we're back on posting games.
Imma did horribly in my Spanish Project.
What did she say?
Go VIllanova!
wow back from spring break? that's really early for me... i don't get spring break until the 9th...
First day of spring break for me!
Spring Break is next week for me.
Two more weeks until april break for me!!
Awkward day
Today's ma B-Day!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Happy Birthday!
Really? Happy birthday
Happy birthday!
Happy B - Day!!!!!!!!!
I'm sick with the stomach virus. I HATE missing school
Sorry to hear that. I'm on break!
For some reason, my whole grade level is going to six flags for a math lesson.
I'm sort of cutting class right now (I'm supposed to be in "Clothing Productions", but we have a sub and I already finished my project, so I just told the sub I had to go to Tech to work on something and I went to the Tech computer lab).
OHHHHH!! Someones cutting class OHHH
Only sort of... the sub knows where I am... so it doesn't really count as cutting :-/
Ya ok, but I LOVE having subs because they let you do ANYTHING
Yeah- although there are a couple subs in my district that are downright nasty and won't let you do anything- like they have to assert what little power they have...
Their probably nice to us because were cute little sixth graders
You're a 6th grader?
Wait I want to ask a question first, then yours. Were you surprised that I was a sixth grader?
Kinda. I thought you were 7th or 8th grade. I was probably surprised because at my school, only 7th, 8th and 9th grade participate, so I didn't think of 6th graders. I'm an 8th grader.
@ my school we have team 2(consists of sixth graders and some 7th+8th) and team 1(consists of 7th+8th graders).
Penn State won the NIT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
The regular team at my school consisted of 1 5th grader, 2 6th graders, 2 9th graders [including me!] and 10 8th graders. The fifth grader won a gold medal and a silver medal [both of which he was paired with the 9th graders. He was my partner for amphibians and my coach told me i was going solo in that event until i walk into the room and see him siting there telling me that my coach put him with me]
I finished a 12 page story last night, at 12 o'clock
"You don't use 9th graders?
We usually use up all 5 slots though last year we only had 4
Pleiades wrote:
The regular team at my school consisted of 1 5th grader, 2 6th graders, 2 9th graders [including me!] and 10 8th graders. The fifth grader won a gold medal and a silver medal [both of which he was paired with the 9th graders. He was my partner for amphibians and my coach told me i was going solo in that event until i walk into the room and see him siting there telling me that my coach put him with me]
we don't even allow 5th graders to try out and the odds of a 6th grader making the team are horrible if a 6th is at all affiliated they are an alternate"
Sorry forgot to say that we have 9th graders
We have no 6th graders because in my district, 6th grade is still elementary school. Our junior highs are 7-9. The 5 9th grade slots are always filled, and the rest of the team is mostly 8th graders- there's only one or two 7th graders, usually, but they don't get put on until after Regionals. At Regionals, we usually have a team of ten- 5 9th graders and 5 8th graders. Then there's some mobility for States, which is good, because someone who wasn't really considered beforehand but aced all their events can get on the team.
I like your signature. It's funny.
Thank you
At our middle school, anyone who works hard can make the team, no matter what their grade is. We probably would allow a 3rd grader if he was really good.
Oh, well obviously it's not just by grade- we don't really have a concept of seniority, except that 9th graders get first pick of events and stuff- but the 8th graders have more experience than the 7th graders, so more of them make the team.
"Who does our events is usually based off of a test and who shows up the most
This year we have 5 9th graders, 8 8th Graders,and 2 7th Graders the 3 alternates are 7th graders-but we aren't bringing them to states(the budget-school doesn't want to spend because of the economy even though we are a generally well off district)"
We pick the team based on how good you are. We had several 8th graders that were stuck on the alternate team. a 5th grader and 2 6th graders beat them out for the spots.
I'm actually playing the assassinator game, I've never been online @ the right time!!!!
The middle school here does not ever have 9th graders on it but the coach thought about taking our two 9th grade alternates. I would have objected, on of then is hot
I have songs from our school musical (Singin' in the Rain) stuck in my head and its really bothering me!!!
i finished a 12 page story the morning it was due ...no, i didn't finish it...nvm
Everybody at my school is sick...bah.
Almost 20,000 redirects to the Science Olympiad Wiki!!!!
I just got a lot of new music to put on my MP3 player. Bet you can't guess what band it is by and no it is not Guns n' Roses
Beckendorff beat Riverwood. Kinda bad for us.
riverwood will hopefully bounce back for state i am going to work the crap out of the events i do and get on my teams backs
i had regonals this morning already working on my reptiles again
Oh my god Peeps are so god dang good.
That's exactly what I'm doing! I don't care if your school beats us, I just care that Beckendorff gets beaten. (big rival of ours)
"yea but becandoroff is very good and very nice
i had some long conversations with some of their teams"
I know. I have had some friends there. It's just the fact that there are some people from my school that are enemies with people from that school and then a whole rival thing started. Every school in Katy ISD is always competing with others to be the best in the district. Katy is very competitive when it comes to good or bad schools.
"ah
that makes sense"
Yep. So how did you do at regions?
Wow i am in the middle of a conversation between two Texans. Jking actually we rarely make fun of Texans at my school cause there are only 3 of them and their dad gave me a ride home when i found out the the baseball games were cancled for us today.
"The ACT is 5 hours of bubble-filling fun!

I hope you all get to enjoy it numerous times

P.S. I like sarcasm"
5? Did you take the writing too? I remember mine was shorter that that. (or maybe I have a very short memory)
Ugg i got to clean my room. At least i get to listen to my new music while doing so
most of the time guns n roses sounds weird in their concert vids
I kinda broke my addiction to GNR
i a=only listen to it when i have nothing else to listen to
I'm not trying to be stupid, but what's Guns n Roses?
search it in youtube
An 80's band that is still around but the only original member is Axl Rose. Slash and MacKegan went to play in Velvate Revolver
oh, music. I'm not that good with knowing music because I hardly listen to it. (if you don't count orch music)
Go Villanova!
Yeah i have now gotten into listening to music my new favorite band for the moment is Metallica
argg. need...to...get...more...notes...for...en chem... cannot...be...defeated...at...state...
... again I am ostrich when it comes to music.... oh well at least I can be made in jerky
Ok than what ever you say Dude
I got a new pair of tennis shoes yesterday!!!
i need dude actors for my movie!!!! ahhhhhhhhhhh!!!!
i need to finish my 12 page story nd turn it into like a 48.512 page one
I just noticed that andrewskii has become a global moderator!!! CONGRATS!!!!!
Phillies lost opener...oh well, happens every year.
look, i am sorry that woodcreek feels that way about us. honestly, us over here just want to be friends with you guys- in fact, our coach was thinking about having a double cram session where your state team members come over to beckendorff and you can study with our state team members- i don't know if it is actually going to happen but it would be nice if it did
"sorry that comment above by me was a bit too random for what the conversation was above...

random comment- we find out which members from our science olympiad team make state tomorrow after school- my coach is going to give each team member a sealed envelope that says whether they make state or not and we can't even open it until we get home. not that i will actually do that but...."
Its almost Easter!
i find that when talking 2 my friend celano I am more rambunctious.
I AM NOW A BLACK BELT I TAEKWON-DO
Hey look. I didn't say that I was the one with the problem. I'm talking about some other people that used to be on our SO team. Like I said above, I have had some friends there(until they moved) and so I don't dislike bdjh. You have to admit though, schools in this district are very competative *cough,cough, cincostinco*
I hope you make it to state!
My school has a team forum now!!! Excitedness.
So does ours! Just got it yesterday.
It will be awesome once it's got a little more traffic
I just think that everybody doesn't know about it yet. I'll tell them.
Today was my softball team's first game of the season. We got a fly-over
I hate my baseball coach right now cause he will not give me a chance to raise my batting average
"Right now my batting average is .000 I also had no at bats [2 plate appearances]. It sucks having a team of 20 because then your coach has to take you out half way through the game to give the other people playing time and then you dont get your ABs. The windchill at the game was around 30. I was freezing. The good thing is, we tied against our rivals, Reading High, [there's a few posters on here from their middle school] who always beats us.
I find it funny how my father missed the first inning because he was watching the fly overs in the parking lot. note the plural."
You got the same batting average as me but i have had one at bat which i struck out and than i was walked oh and our baseball season is almost over.
almost over!! wow!! Ours just started today!! The senior league that i'm in doesn't start until mid to end April.
well we have a two month season from the first pratice to the last game.
"I'm pretty sure my season is 2 months too. I think my senior league is longer.. it runs into summer break.
wow i just realized that this website and baby enstein are the only websites not blocked on my school's computers!! not joking. We had an 'issue' with school computers last week and now everything is blocked."
This issue better go in the Wierd Things Happening at My School Thread
I just got back from the Windy city for spring break
"HOORAY!!! John T. Lambert intermediate has a team forum!!!
49ers rock!!!
So do the Mets!!"
I beg to differ about the Mets...
Go Phillies!
as long as my coach does not pull any pigeon i will be starting second base
I am listening to my iPod right now!
I can't drive...I really can't.
"State is in two days and i will study all day tomorrow that i am not out shopping for snacks for friday night and saturday.

Ok so of the five girls i have mentioned that i like only one of them knows that i got my black belt and it ain't the hot girl

36 post with ""hot girl"" init"
frankly, the thought of little trolls with neon colored hair coming and taking you away while you sleep is preferable to going out with starfish.
The Phillies game was amazing! 4 hits, 5 walks, and 1 hit-by-pitch in the same inning!
i looooooooooooooooooooooove oreo cakesters!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I am sooooo tired from babysitting my wild cousins all day!!! They are sooo cute though:)
"IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII'''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM BBBBBBBBBBBBOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOORRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!


get the mesage"
I am afraid of dogs.
*Woof* not cool I feel shuned now
me too...really bad experiences of this insane dog next door from 4-10. the stupid thing would jump on top of me. standard poodles are BIG when you're 5!
Now your tramatizing me . Yeah I already knew I just wish badly trained dogs would quit giving the whole species a bad name.
One week til States. Entering freak out mode...
3-4 days til this stupid la project is due....16 pages and going...
"Wow you start to freak out so long before state.
Looks as calendar and realizes state is tomorrow
Sprints off to go pratice for baseball that to buy snacks than to leave for Denver at 3.

Wow after you have been in Sci O for a while you dont freak out as much before state i mean this is my fifth year in Sci O and my forth time at State."
This is my third year going to States. I'm not freaking out because of MY events, I'm freaking out because of the other people on my team who are nowhere near ready... Trust me, this has nothing to do with how long I've been in SciO, it's just a fixture of being one of the most SciO-obsessed people on the team.
lol. what day is your state competition?
Next Friday and Saturday.
friday and saturday?
yeah disease and experimental are on friday night. all the rest of the events are on saturday
"why do they need to be on separate days? we just had all of our events on one day...
or do you guys have too many teams or something?"
friday and saturday.. that sucks. or competitions are usually on school days
Well, we still get to miss Friday
I have no school from this past Thursday to next Monday (those days included). Why do you have events the previous day? Do you know?
"wow i leave in 2hours for Denver for state tomorrow.

Wow i hope the team is ready cause as the coach here puts it, ""We have two darling alternates that can take your place at any time"". And our alternates work harder that a few people on the team"
i really don't know why...new york does have a lot of teams though. I think they have always had two events on friday. I can see why they would have experimental on friday...because it takes forever to grade, but i don't know why they put disease on friday
For Texas, we have state on a Friday and Saturday, too. All of the building events are on Friday and the rest are on Saturday. Why it's two days, idk. Maybe because there are 30 teams competing? idk.
I am typing. And alive.
"So this is kinda long

First off my team did kinda bad in the comp with getting 20th overall but not as bad as Dudeincolorados team did.
No one on my team medled but we took 6th in Technical problem solving, 7th in Forensics(this suprised me cause we BSed the test and drew a picture where math was required), 9th in Dynamic planet, 10th in Expermental Design, and 11th in It's about time.

I also found out that if i could just tell my mentiond hot girl that i liked her i would almost be guarateed to be her boyfriend, funny i was lishing to her conversation with another person on the team. I also found out that this girl can't date untill she is 18 so i almost feel like it is wasted effort to like her.

And finally as a note to Dudeincolorado: are you and you Forensics partner always that annoying and did you ever find out what was up with the marker in the kit, It was also funny that you walked in late to Dynamic Planet"
Wow. Well, there's always a next year. and I doubt dudeincolorado is that annoying if he is at all.
"Well him and his Forensics partner just would not stop laughing in the middle of the comp. They also found a marker in their forensicis kit. I know this cause i was at a nearby sink washing out my teams Test tubes when they found it.

I am wondering by how many points but my team placed one place better that Dude's team"
Did you know that 52 is an even #
My team leaves for our States in 117 hours and 39 minutes XP
My team leaves for states in 408 hours and 7 mins
I like my new Userbars
What are they? And how can you get them? They look cool.
doing AP econ work on last day of spring break...
Well you can do them in photoshop but I just got mine by googling
This is my first time being able to access a computer in 1 week, and so much has happened. Starpug is a "wiki mod" and andrewwski is now a mod. Things happen really fast on this site.
loving the sig, starpug !!
"Hehe no not always. The coach totally messed up our kit, like we didn't even have pH paper. So we started laughing because there was nothing else to do. I thought it was fun. Like the fingerprinting question about which method would work better, I said CA fuming because it was semexier then dusting.

For dynamic planet. We didn't know anything on the test! It was bad.

I know right? I think my team started slacking off, and so did the middle school team. Which kinda annoyed me, but what ever. I thought I did pretty well! 2nd in fossils, 9th in forensics, 10th in Picture This, 10th in Dynamic Planet, 21st overall.

Did you see me trip on the way to get my medal?"
"Yes i did

It is kinda funny my team beat you out in Forensics by 2 places and Dynamic Planet by 1 place and i was in both of those events. Me and my partner knew most of what was on the Dynamic Plant test and for Forensics we BSed the whole test. I mean on the problem where we had to do math we drew a picture and my partner told me to go burn plastic just cause we were allowed to.

So could you hear Kindra shouting at you as you were getting your medal. It was funny my hot girl said that she knew who you were from last year 38 posts with Hot Girl in it"
"I thought it was funny, cus I'm a klutz like that!

Haha I burned that plastic too! It just melted.....

No sorry. All I heard was the Poudre people."
ok that is good to know
Just testing my new signature
"OLE OLE OLE OLE OLE(with music playing lol)
OMG NY STATES ARE IN 5 DAYS"
We have to go back to school tomorrow!
We leave for States in 71 hours and 34 minutes xD
I'm a 49ersfan!!!!!!!! and my cousin stole my "49ersfan" account!!!!
i finished my 20 page (exactly) story!!!! (then the teacher said it wasnt due today)
It's Pleiades's 1 year anniversary of joining the site!
wow thanks for pointing that out!! I didn't realize it!!
I notice things like that for some reason.
I just realized you changed your Division to Grad. I'm sorry to hear that SO has ended for you.
R.I.P. Harry Kalas.
I just noticed that it's also gyourkoshaven's 1 year anniversary on this site too!
Why dont you just talk to a science teacher at you school and try to get Sci Oly going at you High School
States in 3 days!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!11
2 for me cause of experimental!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
and 2 for me cos of Disease AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
We leave for States in... 34 hours and 38 minutes
Yay my plan to ask out my girl is now ruined cause she has cheerleading pratice and i was gonna ask her out next monday after school. Oh well i might ask her out during my Sci O class tomorrow
Hopefully it all goes well.
Yeah hopefully
This time tomorrow i will be waiting outside the experimental room...
tow days from now i'll be carrying my three medals onto the team bus... hopefully
"Did you know that your zodiac sign may not actually be your zodiac sign?
The Earth's axis slightly screwed up over time and something something something...
i don't remember but i read it somewhere."
So if it is icy getting over Monarch Pass here in Colorado my baseball games will be cancled tomorrow cause Gunnison will not go over Monarch even if chain laws are not in effect and there is snow cause many years ago their bus hit a patch of black ice and went over the pass and a few of their students were killed in the crash
i saw cirrus clouds today...
I think the sky should be purple.
ugh but then the clouds would contrast so differently.
I have no weekend plans now cause of snow
This is the 22223rd post on General Chat!
I like pie!!!!! (w/whipped cream and ice cream, of course)
Did you mean 2,223 or 22,223??
22,223rd.
this is the 1306th post to this forum
Happy birthday to ZekeBud and gyourkoshaven!
"God i am ready for monday to come cause i have school. I want monday to come cause it is the day i have decided to ask my hot girl out on

on a side note i bowled awesome today with the scores of 176, 187, and 138 for a series of 501"
Good luck with the asking out! Hopefully it all goes well.
Yeah hopefully it goes as it did in my dream Tuesday night
well, i hope you the best
"Good Luck! just don't chicken.
States in 5 days!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
have fun!!
That was an amazing game yesterday! Indians 22, Yankees 4. I'm glad it was the Yankees and not the Phillies.
Red Wings are 2-0 against the Blue Jackets!
I got golds in 3 events! and my team is going to Nats!
"Yeah, lucky kid with your three 9th grade partners, lol- you had the lowest average place per event of anyone on the team (since you got gold in all your events). I think I had the second-lowest average place per event (1st, 4th, 2nd, 3rd, 2nd in my 5 events), and I know I had the most medals of anyone on my team

Okay, I'm done bragging now xD I couldn't resist."
Penguins are 2-0 against the flyers!!
wow what a way to start your scio career (well it helped you had some 9th grade partners... lol jk )
Flyers are winning the game now. I'm watching it. The score's 2-0. Both of the Flyers goals were amazing. Carter had that sweet deke.
i hate secrets
"ive said this too much but,
HOW DOES A PIECE OF TAPE BREAK AN EGG??????????
I was told by a number of people that they reused eggs that might be why"
I have National History Day state competition on Saturday. My teacher wants my group to go on to nationals. She really thinks we can make it.
We did nothing at Scio practice today. ? ? ?
pie tastes good
"Um, so for the four core subjects, there are competitions?

Like so:

History: National History Day
Science: Scioly (durr)
Math: Math Counts
English: ???

Waddabout English?"
"Haha, watch us cream you now. After that 6-3 we have everything going for us.

Sixers beat the Magic! That was amazing how they came back."
I think that the Penguins/Flyers match up might go to 7 games. It's a huge rivalry, and both teams are holding up. I can't believe the Capitals are losing 2-0. I think that they might comeback if they step it up. And then Anaheim is beating San Jose 2-0, and both those games were away. Hopefully Anaheim wins it all, because the Sharks would pose a threat to Detroit Red Wings.
Plus, Pittsburgh and Philly are not that far apart, so away games are not too far. I really hope the Rangers don't win, but at this rate...
I hope Rangers don't win as well. The Capitals are such a good team.
I just don't like the Rangers. I also don't want to see the Capitals eliminated so soon, but it's mostly the first.
did u know that it is possible to stand on a empty coke can w/o it bending
the Rockets are legit this year you gotta admit
GO LAKERS AND HORNETS! CP3 AND KOBE RULE!!!!!!!!
It says AlanLis turns 99 today...
What else is new?
Capitals are beating the Rangers 3 to 0 at the end of the 2nd period!
wow am i the only one on break this week? the forum seems dead
Phillies starting pitching needs to get a grip.
I live in the Dfa Koppen climate (aka humid continental)
our team has animal names 4 some odd reason. i'm the gorilla
My break was 2 weeks ago.
Yay!! I just won a big container of candy by guessing the number of candies in there!
i win prizes on friday the 13th all the time!!!!
i'm goin 2 NYC for a field trip tomorrow...when i come back i'm still goin to scio though
I got an AIM screen name today!
ughhhhhh ur sooo lucky!!!! i actually just asked my parents and they were like NOOOOO!!!! nd when i told them that everyone else has one they were just like who cares.....ughhhhhh soooo annoying!!!!!
I've had one since kindergarten.. i'm not joking. My parents made me one. But i really dont even use AIM. No one uses it where i'm from.. all we do is facebook chat.
at my school everyone uses aim and facebook...i really don't have a desire for facebook though
did you ask them why? perhaps there's a reason [such as they dont want you talking to 60 year old people pretending to be kids] then you could tell them that there's a setting that makes it so that you only show up online to people on your buddy list. just throwing ideas out
yeah thats exactly what i told them and they still said nooooo...
I'm not allowed to get facebook or AIM until next year. But I probably won't make an AIM. They were huge in 7th grade, but nobody does it anymore.
"a good friend and i are co-authoring a book....... on star wars
we wanna focus more on clones not the whole jedi-anakin cliche that everything else focuses on"
"this is post # 1354 in this topic!!!
I write my own books, comics, and movies, plus own a paper item-making buisness"
22 days till Gelinas leaves for nationals!!!!! AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH thats way toooo soooon!!!!
as long as ur building events work fine i really don't see how time matters all that much
It's really scary to feel like you might not have enough time to study, that's why.
9 days until States!!!
wheres my ipod charger?
On the jv baseball team here in BV i am the fastest at running an inside the park home run.
I had a track meet today! We won! I place first in 55 meter hurdles, 2nd in 100 meter dash, and 2nd by half a step in 200 meter hurdles.
omg that is too soon!
You guys are worrying about nats, I'm still worrying about states!
Good Luck!!!
We had a track meet too. Except we lost. By a lot. I got 4th in the 800, and our relay team got 2nd in the 4x400 (it was a three-team meet).
it is sitting right there behind you, i can see it.........
I LIVE ON THE SMOSH PEOPLE'S STREET AND I SEE THEM AT RAYLEY'S.
"gah!!! the SATs!!!! School!!!! Cardinals!!! Golfinches!!! Cirrus Clouds!!! Mucrospirifer!!!! Zygnematophyceae!!!! Other Stuff!!!!

but most importantly....

....

SCIOLY!!!!!!!!!"
Last night, the big dipper was at my zenith. I think I saw Leo too.
I was an alternate for our Penn Relay team yesterday, so I got to miss school and see a bunch of running. It was fun. Those Jamaicans are fast!!!
I GOT A KITTEN TODAY!!! Problem is, the pound has to get him his shots and stuff, so I can't take him home until Tuesday.
i inhaled a lot of acetone and felt delusional. very odd experience
As of right now my batting average for baseball is .333. Yeah i got a sweet hit today except it should have been caught but their team really sucked
mixing monster, frappachino, and pomagrantet juice tastes awsome, and gives u a buzz for two full days
"That's awesome.
Adopt people, save a life."
I held him for a few minutes and he has already pretty much established (as cats tend to do) that he owns me, not the other way around. I'm good with that.
Well that's one more place I can't go because of allergies
It's really hot today.
Yeah, here it's mid 80s in NE PA. In April!!!
The temperatures were in the high 80's today and i had a soccer game.
It's too stormy here to launch my egg-o-naut rocket.
"i got really bad sunburn from being on the soccerfield for like 3 hours...it's really embarassing cause i look like a tomato!!!
note to self: next time actually put on sunscreen instead of just bringing it"
my friend let me borrow baldur's gate. im so happy right now
The national high school record for the Discuss was broken yesterday. Oh did i mention that the kid who broke the record goes to my school. Oh and he is going to be the next olympian from my town, last one was Matt Hemingway
I put sunblock on while playing soccer earlier, but not while walking around town with friends- so I got sunburnt anyway *facepalm*
Today was my last day of break *cries* I'm really going to miss this 90* weather we're having..
i had a soccer game sat. and sun., in like 90 degree weather, with no subs, for 80 min. games, and i was like dehydrating. i ended up pouring 2 bottles of water on my head during the halves. we won 5-1 ( I scored one even though i played defense) and 1-0.
We have a kid that just barely missed Olympics last year as a freshman in college. He'll probably be on the track team next Olympics. He's deaf and is an amazing hurdler. His name's Josh Hembrough.
I finished a "very hard" sudoku in 15 minutes today!!
Do it again tomorrow and maybe someone will be impressed.
17 days till NATIONALS!!!!!! Is everyone ready???
Will do
i'm having Chili's for dinner tonight...Yay
Probably not people from PA or MI, they're still worrying about states.
Hell yeah i am so ready to bring home all of those gold medals i am going to win. Well i will be ready if my team ever makes it to nats.
"Pffftt... why would I be worried about States? They're gonna be a breeze...


If I went to Sewickley."
my friends and i are working on a webshow, it is gonna be awesome
Hehe yeah.
Have you got your swine flu shot yet?? [joking]
States in 3 days! I'm not nearly as ready as I hope to be!
*goes and puts on his gas mask*
I won in my tennis match yesterday!
"My baseball team won today
wow the team we played are going to the state playoff. They are a 2A team, we are 3A and i hope the don't win state cause than i would want my school to be 2A for baseball"
I pitched in my senior league softball game today. thing is - i dont pitch. scary thing is - I struck out 8 batters in 5 innings and won the game. Now my coach wants me to pitch again on Sunday but I'm a shortstop, not a pitcher!!
Lol
Do not even start with that. The people at my school are making JOKES about mild but spreading sickness.
field trip tomorrow to cape cod for three days, awesome!
2 schools in my district (neither one mine) are closed due to kids attending those schools seem to have symptoms of the swine flu.
Haha, today will be the first day in... a while... that I'm not staying after school for SciO- instead I'm going to Cape Cod
"See with a disease like this it sucks when you live in a town where the population triiples over the summer because of out of state people traveling in and out of the town. So when summer rolls around i bet my town will end up getting infected.

I got to play second base in my last baseball game of the season yesterday, oh and i had the best play of the game. the play was two outs and the batter hit the ball to left field. well the runner was stupid and tried to get a double off of that hit. Well lets just say i got the throw fromt the cutoff and tagged the guy out. Now everyone on the team has signed a game ball that we will give to a player that is moving to grand junction for next year.

God this is really jumping around but i really hate it when you have dreams that you wish were real or dreams that you were glad were a dream. I had 1 i wish was real 1 i was glad was a dream and 1 that 1 that i guess i was glad was a dream cause of the long ackward silence in the dream. The funny thing is that all three of the dreams were about me asking my hot girl out."
Why you guys having a field trip down the cape? [i suppose it would be up the cape for you guys ]
haha look what i found if you try to get into darksabre's stuff http://scioly.org/users/darksabre/
bob how did you figure that out??
M.C esher died on my birthday
I had pancakes this morning. They tasted EXACTLY like a soft pretzel! I even added some salt.
well under the thread of swine flu he put a picture of a smiley that was panicking, then i hit quote that cause i wanted to see how he got that pic on there, and it was from this http://scioly.org/users/darksabre/panic.gif and i deleted the panic.gif to see if he had anymore other cool smileys and that's what came up. but really that smilie is so cool
oh ok
Uh one month of schoo left for me
School's going to be over soon! (For me it's June 18) I'm really excited!!!
Wow... schools out on June 3 for us, and that's only because we had two snow days
See, we had lots of snow days. School's supposed to end the end of the first week in June for us. That never happens of course.
School ends for us on June 23rd. We had 2 snow days.
The 23rd! . how many holidays do you get in the middle of the year! they cut out most of our holidays so we could have a longer break
Wow in June is when you get out. I get out of school around may 20. unless someone else in school in either Salida or BV gets H1N1 than they will shut down all schools in my school district and the salida school distric
wait, so they close and don't open until next year?
We have winter, february, and april vacation. Each of those are 1 week long. Then we have your basic holidays such as Columbus day, thanksgiving, veterans day, etc off.
we don't get Columbus day, veterans day, or a week off in February. They also omit many minor holidays. When i was younger, they used to have "teacher institute days" once a month and didnt have school, but they have long since stopped those
"Cool, I've started an entire discussion!

We get Labor Day off (if we start school before then), and then a 5 day weekend for Thanksgiving, 1 1/2 weeks for winter, and 5 days for Easter. Then we have days off for Parent Teacher Conferences and Staff Development, but other than that we don't have many days off. It's the snow days that get us."
Next year will be the first year that my school district has EVER started school before labor day. We dont get any days off for easter.
"i have no idea but as long as we can make it till the end of my with out any one getting the flu we will be fine but than we have the pigeon tourist that stay in out town all summer and than our town will get the flu.

any way i start school on in late August next year"
Nationals in 9 Days!!!!! AHHHHHHHH!!!!!
It's that soon already? It seems like our states just ended.
what days of the week are nationals?
"Friday and Saturday; however, we leave on Thursday (as do most teams that aren't real close to Georgia, I think).

Opening ceremony and Parade of States are on Friday; competition, awards ceremony, etc. is on Saturday."
"MWAHAHAHAH
I just noticed a 7:09(eastern standard time) on May 6th I had all of the last posts in every main catagory except announcements"
YAY ..... i managed to do that at 8:54 (central)
Yay! My kitten was really sick, but after his 3rd vet trip and trying diff types of meds, he's getting better!!!
I remember doing that at some point(s), but I forget the exact time.
"i brought a mini globe today for social science
all the country names are in dutch"
i got high along with two other people in my medals class today when we were painting my metals project
"For everyone on this forum who's not sure:

It's spelled Sewickley."
I think that June 6th is my last day. This week is my last full week of school. After this week we have a 4 day week (however on two of those days, 8th graders go on a field trip to Mackinac Island. ) then after that week we have another 4 day week. After that we have 3 half days for exams.
I think our last day of classes is June 14th or something... maybe the 16th? Anyway, after that we have two weeks of finals (although almost all of them are in the first week). You only come to school if you have a final scheduled then.
"wow your school goes really long. Oh wait that is just because we start really early here compaired to you guys
I have one full week of school left than a four day week and i am done so i am our on May 21st"
O.O I can't imagine school ending in May. That would be so... early... Our school starts around September 4th-5th, usually. When does yours start?
*sigh* I guess my school gets out the latest of anyone on here.. June 23rd
o god.... O GOD.... NATIONALS THIS WEEK!!!
"*faints* wow... too soon... I don't think I'm prepared...
*goes back to frantically studying Envi Chem*"
"its time for the tragectory team to start power testing!!!!!!

stupid nats is acting like a stalker and haunting me! hurry up and come already!!!!!"
:yay:
Thats when our summer school is over...
is anyone staying in the dorms??? just wondering cause we are in the marriot and i wanted to know if anyone got dorm space.
If crimebusters stays, i will have done it for 4 years straight!!
nah, my school gets out on the 25th... and this year that's considered early(i think)
For this school year August 21 next year will be August 27
We have 25 more days, but three of them will be half days. The last four are: two exam days (half days), exam make-up day (full day), last day of school (half day). We don't do any actual school work on any of these days, so school pretty much ends on the 11th for us, but the official date is the 17th.
Don't you think this looks better then this.
i have one week of school left yay
and we just pretty much started 4th quarter
same here
oh oh there was this one kid at school today (i don't know him) wearing a hockey shirt with croman's avatar.
Smart guy. He knows the winning team. I'm so glad that the Wings won last night. I'm pretty sure that they will be able to beat the Blackhawks and move on to the Stanley Cup Finals. I think that the Penguins might beat the Hurricanes, so that the Stanley Cup Finals will be Red Wings against Penguins (same as last year.) That would be great.
i *think* i may have a red wings jersey.. not sure though. Today was day of silence at my HS and i didnt say a word!!
I beg to differ. That would be horrible. (This is a Flyers fan speaking) It made me mad that the Capitals and Ducks lost. Oh, well, the NBA playoffs are making me happy, the only team I wouldn't want to win it all still in it are the Lakers!
my spanish teacher made me dance in her class today well it was actually a group activity for Cinco de Mayo, ya i know it is a little late
"A day of scilencefor the whole school?
That would suck
this is sort of stereotypical but do you go to a religous school?"
Well not the whole school.. only around 90 people out of the school population of around 900 participated.. most of those 90 people who signed up couldn't last the whole day though. And no, I'm stuck going to my wonderful public school. Ya... right...
Ah i just got done with a weekend in Pueblo where i bowled 12 games in 2 days. well at least it was not a bad as last year cause this year i bowled 6 games a day and last year it was 9 games the first day 3 the second
What was the day of silence for?
"to show support for LGBT students and to show that you are against all the bullying they receive. This is what my high school website says: ""The event is designed to illustrate the silencing effect that bullying and harassment has on LGBT students and those perceived to be LGBT.""

I'm surprised none of you have heard if it.. it's a pretty nation-wide event that is usually on a special day [april 17 i believe] but there was a big field trip for the AP students that day so we had to reschedule it for us."
NATIOANLS WAS AWESOME
Oh okay, I've heard of that before, but I've also heard of a "day of silence" for other reasons, so I was just checking. I'm a big supporter of LGBT rights, that's great I'm not sure if my high school does that, but I know the junior high I'm currently at doesn't have anything like that.
At my school, a day of silence for that cause wouldn't go over too well. It wouldn't be very silent, to say the least.
Right now I'm in Technology! Mr. Ehrlich!
I'm currently home sick... probably from getting way too little sleep over Nationals weekend xD
holy crap. i red bellied woodpecker just attacked my bird feeder
"I have a cough :[
Lemon-flavored coughdrops FTW"
people who spell climb without a "b" are dum
That one is AWESOME
"hah, lol.

Wow, the Nationals are horrible. Go Phils!

I've never heard of it. At all. It would make school for us louder than usual if we had it though. Except, of course, for the people who would take it seriously."
when will someone post pictures of nationals in the image gallery?
refrigerator
"epic fail

That had no reference to any post on this thread. I just felt like saying it."
refrigerator? oh yeah? well... toaster to you! ohhhh
bleh the senior prank was really lame again this year.. riding bikes through the hallway.. Although it was cool to see 100 bikes in the field house during gym today.
"Really that sounds better than what i belive the senior prank was here. I think all they did was put vasoline on all the door handles, that day i learned that freshmen are violent just cause i told people that i let some of the freshmen open the door for me but hey it is not my fault that i have that good of timing that there were two freshmen that arrived at the same time as me.

Now to my actual random comment.

I HAVE 48 HOURS THAT I AM STUCK IN THE HELL HOLE THAT IS KNOWN AS SCHOOL.
Sad thing is that i have 13 mondays of freedom than school starts again, pigeon bio teacher had to start a running count of weeks left till the start of school."
one year i forget which the seniors had all of their cell phones go off at once in their lockers but the teachers found out about it before it happend so i think some of it got stopped
Less than 24 hours of school left for this year pigeon yeah
seriously? we have like 24 days! and whats does a butterfly have to do with it?
Any naughty words on this site are changed to butterfly
"so is it me or has no one uploaded any images from nationals?
and we have 25 more school days"
"18 hours and 11 minutes till the last day of my sophmore year that 13 mondays till the start of my Junior year.

Wow i must be bored knowing how many weeks till the start of school to be exact it is 3 months and 7 days, 10 hours and 49 minutes till the start of the next school year. Wow i should not know that or have that countdown till school starts next year."
so i was roaming around failblog.org because i had nothing better to do and on the second page, i came across a poster for my school's dance. It's headline was "Concept Fail". Weird, eh?
Well it says the theme is "Masquerade Ball", and then below that it says how no masks will be worn at the dance. Hence why it says fail.
yeah i know why it's a fail..i thought that when i saw it in the hallways a month ago. i find it weird that i found it on there.
9 hours till i am out of school till next August
that has problems though it changes words like c-ockroach(i had to type it that way to prevent butterfly from appearing)
lol butterfly?? such a random word...
Ha EASTstroudsburg13!!! In your face!!!! The mets are on top of the division!!!!! ha!! lol!!!
"so if i type cockroach it comes out as butterfly?
haha it does..."
"""Schools out for summer""-""Schools out by Alice Cooper
Well for me school is out anyway."
"bah, the odyssey's going to be all cold.



that sounds so funny out of context"
"however, not that funny in context. (its a boat ride)

we watched twelfth night today.It was..... Interesting"
Happy birthday Dark Sabre!
"is it really?
Happy B-DAy!"
"seriously?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY DARK SABRE!!!"
I wish. Still until June 17...although that includes next Monday off and 3 half days...
And watch them epically fail in September.
exactly one more month of school for me!!!
The Odyssey....
"SYRACUSE WINS THE NATIONAL CHAMPIONCHIP!!!!!!!!!!!!

on a overtime goal coming back from 3 down in regulation with 5 min left to win!"
"if by that you mean that it should be capitalized, OH WELL, i hate capitalization. i rarely do, even at the beginning of sentences.
(edit: ahem, unless i'm trying to make a point, like here *points up there*)
speaking of that, GAH IT'S TOMORROW"
"about 12 weeks till the first day of school for me

Wow why am i counting this"
why do we have to get loaded with projects at the end of the year which involve me waking up early to finish them at the last minute?
Why are there two Ds's in the Admin group one called "DarkSabre" and the main one called "Dark Sabre"?
"That is exactally what i said. I had to make a magizene for world history, my poetry portfolio for language art and i had to write an essay for Lord of the Flies that i was either going to Pass or Fail.
Oh well i am going to guess that i will get even more projects next year and i have alread been shown what my Calcus project will be my senior year which is a 47 page paper."
I had a poetry project too!
"I had to print out a 24 page packet of work.
Then the media center got mad at me for wasting their ink."
that would have happened to me if my lang arts teacher was not so into us turning our assassignments in online
Honors English 11 at my school has the worst summer reading assignment [in my opinion] They have to read Walden by Henry David Thoreau and then for the written part they either have to write a 37 page paper on it or write 90 journal entries [switches off every year]. Not only do they have to do the written part, but they have to actually GO to Walden pond and film something there. I'm not quite sure what they had to film but i heard it takes just as long as the written part. A lot of teachers just skim through your summer reading reports but this teacher reads it completely and takes points off for just about everything. People spend their who summers working on this. I'd hate that.
"I handed in an Issue Analysis Essay titled, ""The Great Debate: Cats vs. Dogs""
I hope it goes well.."
same here!
yikes 47 page paper... the most i've written was maybe like 10 pages... double spaced...
Ouch i am just glad that my english teacher next year ain't that strict. Wow i just realized i am taking one weighted class next year and three my senior year. Next year i am taking pre calc than my senior year i am taking western Civilization and a CMC language class along with Calc 1. Yes the first two are college classes
"and i thought my high school LA teacher would be harsh... he/she (don't know yet) gave us a choice of 4 books and we have to read one and write a 4 page essay on it

but 47 PAGES that is just irrational... it is summer for a reason"
"you guys both misread pleiades' post, it's 37, not 47. still pretty bad, though.
my assignment is the same as kjhsscioly's, but the other high school's enriched patterns class doesn't have to do anything. not cool."
is that teacher aware the people...ya know...have a life? sheesh. the most ive written is 20 pages single spaced...and i thought that was horrible. and why 37? thats one of the most random numbers ive ever heard...
nope, not at all. She probably gives it so people have something to do during their summer. And she's one of the most random teacher's i've ever met so it's typical of her to pick a random number. There may be a greater meaning to it but the people i spoke to about it didnt mention it.
"Oh wow. We only have two books we have to read and do some sort of project on both of them (specified beforehand). Exception is AP English 12 where they read three. But I'm still worrying about this year and exams and stuff. Thank goodness my teachers aren't very ""project-oriented.""

Last night we had a school awards ceremony and I got two subject area awards (best student in grade for subject), and neither of them was science. (Foreign language and math) The science winner was one of my teammates and the other co-captain in our old team last year. Plus I got $10 for being in the top 10% in our class, which means about 38 freshmen got $10 and one (top) got $100 out of 389."
"Im am now pigeon off at a 7 year old that lives in my town that i don't even know. This is because this kid broke the disk for the Wii game i wanted to rent.

Now somethin i have noticed. on the rare occasions that i am pigeon off i normally have never met the person that angered me. the two exceptions are last year when i got mad at my baseball coach and this year when i got mad at my baseball coach. Let me say that this was the same baseball coach but when i was mad at the person that stole the chain off of my bike i didn't know that person and i don't know this person that i am now mad at"
I usually don't mind school, but now I just want it to be over for the year... I'm tired of homework, I'm tired of waking up early
i am tired of waking up but i won't be able to wake up late till mid June
I'm going to have to continue to wake up early in the entire month of july.. oh the joys of summer school
Same with me around August 27th i will get use to waking up late and that is when school starts
Ok the AP US History summer assignment is long.... 10 chapters, notes, an essay, and a test. blah.
Summer assassignments ouch
ughhh... we have like three tests on the second to last day of school
"Yeah i hate the finals that are required to be taken at the end of the year but i passed all of my finals with A's except in Metals which was a B

God Dam i hate John Wayne, no not the singer this is my friends nickname, i just peddled my ass all around town for today trying to find him which i would not of had to do if he called me. Wow this is negative.

Wow three unrelated topics well actually the girl i talk about asked John Wayne to a dance last year, oh well this is unrelated. You know how i have been talking about this cute girl well i hate my decesion i have to make now cause i need to decide between my cute girl and the girl i had a crush on all through middle school and my first year and a half of high school. This will be easily decided on sunday thou cause if the second girl add me as a friend of Facebook by sunday i will talk to her if not i am already friends with one of the friends of my cute girl so i could try to get my cute girl's number from her friend. Wow that was long"
We have finals on the last 4 days of school I like the midterms better because those were over a whole week but for the finals, we have a weekend in the middle so it feels kinda weird.
"same here...finals on mon-thurs. no weekends in betwen though. fri. last day of school is kinda sad...but then i get to fully appreciate my life as a scigeek as i start studying

today my sci teacher was like ""okay. now we're going to watch a bill nye video. you dont need to take notes because...well, its going to be your last bill nye video )"
"My last dasy of school is Tuesday, June 23rd. We have finals on Thursday, Friday, Monday, and Tuesday.
yay I have bio next!!"
"pigeon

wow, it does work!


i wonder if you can make it say ""butterflies""...?"
i get my AP World History summer work on tuesday...hopefully it isn't a lot
i am swimming
I should be practicing violin right now. but i'm not.
u have a laptop in the pool?
"BAH the one assasinator game that I had a chance to join but didn't because i wasn't sure how they worked yet is taking forever.......

fyi:i am not the assasin that is not the reason that i did not join im just complaining(anyway the assasin isn't even my gender)"
"well you can still try to figure out the clues and help out one of the officers by PMing them...
i guess...
that's what i did so i think it's okay."
Ugg my Wii has overheated twice today in the last 2 hours
how do you make a wii overheat?
I want to know that cause every time it overheats i have only been playing for about ten minutes
I'm Woody5, and I'm all out of gum.
"No matter how many times I do this, I always feel like a fugitive when I go on scioly during school.
It's first period right now..."
Well, it helps those in the game, but if you're that Assassinator that can get really annoying. And plus it's a loophole and not many people like those, unless you're the one using them.
but technically we're on the hitlist, even though we were already.
out of curiosity would someone like me who has never done an assasination game be on the hit list? or is the comment of "everyone is on the hitlist anyway" not true lol
In the Assassination games every active member is on the hitlist even if youhave never played the Assassination games..
...but some are probably higher up than others.
so basically the hit list rule should say "will be moved up on the hit list" instead of "added to the hit list"
the only way your on the hit list is if you post on the thread when your not an officer/informant or do something else to pigeon the giver off
so is sweetcoop or pleadies (sorry if I spelled that wrong) right?
Everyone has a chance to get killed, but if you're on the hit list, then you have a higher chance.
"yep.
for example, this round, soobsession was going to be killed, but was saved, but soobsession never posted on the Assassinator thread."
ah ok so the hit list is prime targets but we can all still be killed
yep. is there a different opinion out there?
where's robotman? he'd know--he's in the EOOTA
yes i am here what do you wish to know about the game?
wats EOOTA?
"we want to know about the hit list--can only people on the hit list be killed? or is the hit list just full of special prime targets and any active mamber can be killed?
croman74 wrote:
Everyone has a chance to get killed, but if you're on the hit list, then you have a higher chance.
basically is what cronan said right?

i have one more question--what happens when you die?
sewforlife wrote:
fmtiger124 wrote:
where's robotman? he'd know--he's in the EOOTA
wats EOOTA?
its the Eternal Order of the Assasinators-i believe its composed mostly of former assasinators and the giver"
"yes croman is right about the hitlist it just gives makes anyone on it have a higher liklyhood of being killed
anyone but mods and administrators can be ""killed"""
My friend sent me a bunch of music by an artist I am not usually a fan of... and I'm surprised (and a little bothered) by the fact that I actually like most of it.
HI! I'm in a library.
Hi! I wish I was in a library.
well, this isn't too good in SO standards... but it's enough for school
"I haven't been to the public library in a long time.
(but i go to the school library once in the morning and once at lunch every day. so i guess i don't really need to)"
wow. that's a lot.
What about me
"nooooez.... the school year is over, and i'm going to high school! i'm not going to see some of the seventh *cough* er, 8th graders on the team ever again!
...'cept maybe at next year's states..."
lucky.. i still have 3 more weeks left but technically i'm a sophomore now
wahoo schools over for the summer
full days of school are over the 11th but we go back on days we have exams
mine's over the 19. we have finals the last week of school....
today's rocketman1555's b-day!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY rocketman1555!
"We have full school until the 16th, and then finals until the 23rd.

Happy birthday to rocketman, btw."
"we should really make a thread called happy b-day for wishing people happy B-Day
I think i might do that now"
"wow rocketman is old
1555 years is a long time
( whatch your misplaced modifiers)"
good idea
I have posted 4 times on the 5000 post thread today already!!!
Now I've posted 6 times!!!
I'm pretty butterfly angry with apple (I'm so upset that in my rage I intentionally neglected to capitalize the first letter)! I don't know how recent this is, but they changed the price on a bunch of iTunes' songs to $1.29. Ninety-nine cents is bad enough.
Ha ha ha i feel so sorry for you guys that are still in school. i got out on May 21st so ha ha ha. and i am to a Junior in school
"well i feel bad for people in Wisconsin....they call drinking fountains ""bubblers""

We make fun of my Wisconsin cousins all the time for that"
i've never called a bubbler a "drinking fountain"
extraneous solution to an algebra problem!!!
"why a bubbler anyway? it makes no sense
Drinking foutain on the other hand makes sense because thats exactly what it is"
i call them water fountains...
Me too... I've never said "drinking fountain". Only "water fountain"
"thats basically what I meant they are somewhat interchangeable
water fountain is more common i think i just called it drinking foutain i dont know why"
ditto.
"to reiterate the above...

i meant water fountain but for some reason i said drinking foutain......."
I say drinking fountain
I like Cheese
because that's what we say around here...
where's the misplaced modifier? Today is rocketman1555 's birthday
I think yoyo meant the 1555 at the end of rocketman's user.
"you're from Wisconsin?

oh. and my random comment is that my butt hurts. and my knee. from falling on the stupid rollerblading arena."
no, Mass
oh... they were talking about Wisc. before.. whoops!
I have cousins in Mass but I dont think they call it a bubbler haven't seen them in a while so i dont know
idk, i call it a water fountain.
my random comment is that i have bruises on both patellas, my coccyx, a calluse on my foot cuz the blades were too small in that area and a stupid lip...yups life is good
"actually, most people in my school call it a water fountain but i went to a private school from when i was 3-7 years old and they all called them bubblers there so it kinda stuck with me.
Apparently it is pretty common around here though"
around here it's water fountain, although you'll sometimes hear drinking fountain.
FIREWORK WARS!!! I can hear about 10 different houses launching fireworks right now
why today? It's only june 6th...
why not its fun to set off fireworks
today was graduation
lol. makes sense.
jimmies!!! i think thats pretty cool!!! i wish colorado had some colorful colloquialisms
i just noticed on the first page of this thread *GASP* a guest got to post.....
how did that happen?
"I also just noticed that my sig had an error
I got 4th in crime at regionals not 2nd"
i just noticed that fmtiger has exactly 100 more posts then me ...
I'm wearing shorts! (how's that for random?)
"gh edited dudeincolorado's poll about good or bad people to have an option saying ""these are horrible definitions of good and evil"" and then made that hae 373 votes

also why are all the bots named after search engines and what do they do????"
they probably are there so that when someone searches "Write it Do it science olympiad" one of the search results come up as the scioly topic WIDI
yep.
"also: Last edited by gh on Thu May 07, 2009 12:10 am, edited 1 time in total.
Reason: alternatively, vote for my option: ""THIS POLL SUCKS."""
I haven't posted on here in a while.
nice avatar sciolykid
wat is it?
Yeah but instead we have absolutly no accent but notice all of the other accents in the nation.
Thanks, I finally got one. It's a cross-section of a monocot.
I did submit a Ver. 2.0 but it didn't get approved...
"you got one approved mine are never approved

EDIT: i lied i just noticed I had one approved recently"
Walk this Way by RunDMC feat. Aerosmith bridged the gap between Rap music and Rock n' Roll music
Go Magic and Penguins!!!!
Go Red Wings!
"Go rockies they can finally get Torrealba back

This is unrelated but toward the end of school i got to meet Jessica Bueal's Grandmother."
I installed Google Chrome, Mozilla Firefox, and Safari today. I wonder why.
LA won yesterday
"http://www.burntfoodmuseum.com/

This made my day!!"
wow. it ALMOST made my day
*face contains look of disgust*
The Merchant of Venice is not my favorite book.
LA v. Magic tonight. hoping for magic, because i want to watch way more games, but I actually want Lakers too.
I agree it would be cool for them to have back to back chamionships
Is cerebral implosion possible?
but free standing apple cider!!
*face also contains a look of disgust*
but the thought of a museum dedicated to badly cooked food just made me kinda shudder in disgust. the cider was cool besides that though.
there are more posts in general chat than in all the other catagories combined lol
try to account for the assassinator/5,000 post thread....
way to rain on my parade......
"So, who's watching the NBA finals tonight?

Preview, Dwight Howard will beast, Kobe will cry, Magic will win big."
as much as i'd love that to happen i doubt it
it will. Kobe's too tired. Dwight Howard's a monster truck with no wheels to stop him from destroying everything in his path.
iTunes skips sometimes when I'm using a lot of system resources. It makes for some very interesting guitar solos.
Magic lost.
I agree kobes getting worn thin, but Howard has no patience on him. much less is he a truck
true true...
mhm. i think orlando will win tom. tho.
HOPEFULLY PENS WILL IN THE CUP TONIGHT
GO PENS!!!!!
yes, Red Wings lost. Rather the Penguins than the Wings...
They got lucky. Detroit couldn't get it started until the end of the 3rd period, and then they just got unlucky. Kronwall hit that crossbar, and so many other chances were there. But at least the Wings won with dignity, rather than balling their eyes out like Crosby did last year.
COME ON MAN STOP BEING A SORE LOSER
They may have gotten unlucky, but they probably had some lucky breaks before that game too. And plus you won last year.
"also look at game 2 the wings got more lucky bounces than i can count

also why do the crimebusters and forensics threads have ? marks at the ends of their titles?"
I'm home sick and I have three finals today
hehe i have been done with school for 2 weeks now
"im home sick tooo :[
but im feeling much better :]
im only missing one final though"
wow it is strange for me to hear ppl talk about school at this time while i have been out of school for about one month
"you are sooo lucky!!
i still have a week of tests"
When do you get in school? The middle of August? Or do you not have vacations during the year?
next week is my last week of school
"full days of classes got out the 11th here now i only go to school when i have an exam

2 exams left last one is Thursday"
Tomorrow is my last day of school, and it's a half-day.
"Me toooooooooooooooo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!


I CAN'T wait!!!!!"
"we go back to school the first week in september
throughout the year we have vacations too"
"today was my last day of classes and it was really sad :[
and it was my last day as a student in gelinas and i loved that school
i also loved scio soooo much there. it just wont be the same next year in melville"
My fav ice cream is neopolitian
i dont like the chocolate part of neopolitan
what's so bad about it?? I don't like choclate to begin with but it tastes good...
you dont like chocolate but it tastes good? meaning you do like chocolate...well i just dont like how artificially flavored chocolate ice cream is...i mean chocolate is good, but not chocolate ice cream
"And I'll miss you D:
And all of my other friends who are going to the high school next year :[

Last day of classes, but we still have finals <_<

Umm..
I watch YuGiOh on YouTube. o3o The original Japanese version, with English subtitles that really suck, because they were translated into Chinese first, and then English by a computer."
i dont like plain chocolate it has to have like mint or rice thingys(crunch bars) or something in it
are you using reverse psychology
I am praying that the Colorado Rockies can pull out a win today so they will break their franchise record of 11 with a total of 12 wins
I SAW A BUCKET OF CHEESE PUFFS!!!!!
I have my English final today
"Wow i want to be random and tell you about some crap that is going on in my life.

Well as most of you may know that i am now a black belt in TaeKwon-Do. Well i am now thinking about becoming an inactive member of the class cause in a technicality I am outranked about a HIGH BLUE BELT. Now i find this a bunch of butterfly because i have to be taught by a person that can tell me nothing. Well me not going to class is so the butterfly person that should be the head instructor should get bit in the butterfly my making this butterfly BLUE BELT my instructor because when she stops showing up and i don't show up he will learn absolutly butterfly nothing and the class will have no certified instructor to teach and i can get the class shut down. If any of you were in this kind of position would you find this to be a bunch of butterfly. Yeah sorry for all the cursing"
i feel athletic... what is gym doing to me?
nooo!!!! it must be sucking away your nerdiness!!! (jk )
I got a 120 on my gym final Hopefully that will bring up my grade.. i dont participate much in gym and participation is like half of the grade.. today all i did was sit on the stairs with my phone.
"Gym's the easiest class.
A lot of girls just like stand in the middle of the field and talk and play with their hair and do nothing
and they get 100's anyway... so pointless -.-"
"I agree 100%. Us nerds in gym class think SO nerds SHOULD NOT have to take gym.
We get plenty of exercise studying."
Ha i never have to have a gym class again in school. I have Baseball to keep me in shape as long as the coaches don't pigeon me off too much.
"Wait peladies you have a GYM FINAL????????????


Also, THE BIOLOGY REGENTS IS TODAY FOR NYS!!"
Ugg such a hard decesion

Yeah, one of the easiest Regents... after the Earth Sci and Language ones.
of course, every class has a final.
Well for those of you that have been around long enough to hear about my hot/cute girl. well the decesion has to do with her and two other girls
i just got back from the biology regents...it was pretty easy
Now i am angry someone took my nickname on facebook so i had to deal with sweetcoop1
i thought the same here though the diachotamist key was a bit unexpected
Yeah... but very very easy.
OMG, Ibanez got injured!
ahhh!!! my stupid ss grade didnt raise even though i got 100 on it!
Ahh the Colorado Rockies are now 500. Yes they have won 5 of their last 6 series but they broke their win streak cause of De La Rosa
"so nerdy. I got the highest grades EVER in marking per. 4. lowest grade: 97. hah! it's okay to express my nerdiness, because im surrounded by nerds on this site!
except my stupid 192.5 out of 200. on my spanish final. lol."
ha! same here! lowest grade is 97!
edit: i didn't know I said that. stupid spanish. anyway. last day of school was today! I'm gonna miss everyone!
I've been out of school for 2 days, 7 hours, and 59 minutes!!
"HUZZAH!

Why is it on the old site people with 4 stars were calles senior members and they are not anymore?"
This is the third year in a row that i've gotten a 97 on my math final...
"Ha ha ha i want to be random .

In 2007 the Colorado Rockies had an awesome run to the world series that included their franchise record for straight wins, 11. Well Clint Hurdle their manager at that time had written the number 64 at the top of their lineup card and would circle. Well most people would wonder why 64. Well Hurdle had been talking to a 14 year old boy that was dying of cancer. The boy was a major baseball fan and played football. Well that boy ended up dying of his cancer and he wore the number 64 in football so that is the reason for 64 on the lineups. Well the Rockies recentelly had a win streak of 11, broke when they got kill 12-4 by the Tampa Bay Rays only to come back and win the next two games, Barmes and Helton had back to back homeruns to score the first three runs and Gonzales hit his first homer in a Rockies uniforme. I lost where i was at. Oh right. The really strange part about this current win streak by the Rockies is the streak began on June 4th. When written out in numbers it is 6/4 or you can read it as 64. Ironic that their lucky number from 2007 is the day that they begin thier 2009 11 game win streak.

Just felt like telling a cool story as a bright point in everyones day."
my parents have the sudden urge to go down to foxborough [that's where the pats play]that is sooo random and it's ruining my day
"why go to foxborough when its not football season??

I hat the pats but still.........

PS I HAVE EXACTLY 300 POSTS!"
I have 103 posts
"Usually I'd have pretty good grades, but 1. I often don't do my homework (so my grades would be a lot higher if homework didn't count towards your average) and 2. I'm taking AP World History, which is the hardest class I've ever taken (I might even go so far as to say the only hard class I've ever taken), and my grade in that for 4th quarter may well be below a 90 (I'm not sure, grades for the end of the year aren't out yet).

I really want my SAT II scores They don't come out til the 25th, though..."
our district makes us take one year of global (its a 2 year course) and then after that allows us to take AP so we repeat a lot of sttuff
"hall of fame, teamshop, patriots place [an ourdoor mall]
we managed to spend 4 hours there. i was bored the whole time. at least we didnt go to fenway!!"
whats so wrong with Fenway. It is the baseball park for an awesome baseball team. OH MY GOD I CAN'T BELIVE I CALLED THE BOSTON RED SOX AN AWESOM TEAM. They are not an awesom baseball team they sux unlike the rockies althou they beat the Rockies in the World Series in 2007
"lol sweetcoop, just acknowledge it, the Red Sox are better then the Rockies

By the way Fenway is awesome."
They were better but that is because the Rockies had Hurdle as their manager. But now the Rockies are a better team now that Jim Tracey is thier manager. They would be better if they got rid of De La Rosa as a starting pitcher
Hate to say it you guys are getting out done buy the dodgers, good luck with a wild card bid.
"time for my baseball comment

well it seems to me that the Rays were a one hit wonder

aslo, GO YANKEES!!!"
"Oh no you didn't
*snaps his fingers in a Z for-ma-tion*"
"oh yes i did

GO YANKEES!!




lol you asked for it"
Oh no i may not like the Red Sox but you sir are just not nice. I prefer Red Sox over the Yankes
I don't need to argue with you, the red sox record compared to the yankees since 2004 speaks for itself. So does the number of world series champioships.
Ha Rockies win again that makes 16 of their last 17 ball games. Ian Stewart Almost hit the cycle including a 2 run home run. Chris Iannetta hit a 3 run home run in the bottom of the 8th to tie up the game. And the best is Todd Helton hitting a WALK OFF TWO RUN HOME RUN TO END THE GAME WITH A FINAL SCORE OF 9-7 WITH THE ROCKIES WINNING. Sorry i am just so excited. Plust the Rockies have won 6 of their last 7 series
"ooo that was a diva tantrum.

don't worry i throw one at least once a day."
"um yea......26 titles to what 6 (or is it 7?)

i really dont want to argue this it's pointless can we get off this topic?"
Your talking about history, I don't really care about that, I'm talking about the 21st century here.
"I agree so to give you something to laugh at and to show you why i fear the dear here in BV

Today there was a crash that involved a deer. Funny thing is the deer was unharmed but the person that crashed into him sustained injures. That is because the deer was hit by a person riding a bike"
That, my friend, is the worst post in the history of scioly. Spams inclusive. Well, maybe not the worst, but it's up there. The only way it could be worse is if the no symbol was crossing out a Phillies logo.
how big was the deer??
You know, it's funny, because last I can remember the World Ph***ing Champions are the Phillies, not the Yankees or Red Sox.
"Ya know They may have gotten lucky cause in 2007 the Phillies got beat by the Rockies
robotman09 wrote:
sweetcoop wrote:
fmtiger124 wrote:
i really dont want to argue this it's pointless can we get off this topic?
I agree so to give you something to laugh at and to show you why i fear the dear here in BV

Today there was a crash that involved a deer. Funny thing is the deer was unharmed but the person that crashed into him sustained injures. That is because the deer was hit by a person riding a bike
how big was the deer??
I have no idea i heard it on the scanner this morning"
over the winter, there was a deer on my front lawn. it was really big and it ended up getting caught in my fence. My dad had to like detatch it from my fence which was really wierd. It was kinda scary but the deer was ok i think. The week before, one of the teachers in my school crashed into a deer while driving to work. i have never heard of a deer in my neighborhood anytime before that.
really? deer wander everywhere where i live.
yupp deer really are not common where i live
"Really here our deer are brave enough that they charge at moving cars. Just some fun stories of people i use to work with where his car had a deer charge it.

Yes i have had stare downs with deer when going home it was scarry i though the deer was going to charge me"
"i love this forum/topic. its on deer, and before on baseball. its gonna change soon again. but before that,
deer are really commonly found where i live.... the only way we get their population down is by hitting them with our cars (not on purpose)"
we get a lot of deer--our neighborhood is right next to a state park
scanner = radio
Police scanner
"you have a police scanner???

are you related to a cop?

also according to search including posting games + general chat i have 902 posts!"
<-----------1371 Posts
hehe i have 1375 even though post count doesnt mean squat
"its great how I have +600 posts w/ general chat
starpug has (roughly) + 900
and robotman (roughly) has + 900"
Just so you know hang around the chat a little longer and someone will reply it's not automated we don't sit their wait for someone to say something.
"you saw that??

i was bored"
"My mom works at the Salida Sherrifs office
Salida is a city that is thirty miles away


1128 posts including those in General chat"
I love the world
"wow. talk about optimism

5000 post thread is going to reach 5000 posts very soon"
not very soon? but it will happen.
I just remembered (and lost) the game. You did too. :p
good old mets have the lead and blow for theier fans whom already heave little faith in them!!!
"Please no more baseball talk

Rockies have now won19 of their last 20 games. Looks like they are begining their run a little earler this year



Wow next weed with probably be my last class of TaeKwon-Do for i have no idea how long. could be a week to three years"
i agree i dont want starpug and i arguing again
Cause you lost
ha ha
I agree with Starpug you lost
e-five?
Hellz yeah
*High Five*
"*Hive Five*


Did anyone notice that as of when i post this that DS has a post in the fantasy football that shows him as if he were a new member"
Different account the account he used was DarkSabre his all powerful account is Dark Sabre
what is that account anyway? why's he have it?
"he has it because he can

probly because he wants to test stuff or something"
would it be surprising if like we had a moderator like DS, except she was a girl instead? sry. random... wait. nvm, not random.
do we have any mods that are girls?
"no i dont think so
on one of the older versions of this site there was a female Admin give me a bit and i will find it"
"here is her profile
http://web.archive.org/web/200302180428 ... file&UID=5
here is a basic history of Scioly
http://web.archive.org/web/200512020316 ... ead&NID=54
and here is hte archived versions of scioly
http://web.archive.org/web/*/http://scioly.org"
woah it's the scioly.org before the last scioly.org in your first post!! i like this one the best Of course the only other one i've used was the last one.. i didnt like the fact that we couldnt send PMs or make a signature on it
my computer installed ie8 yesterday
IE8 isn't terrible but it's not the best, either.
I have IE8, firefox 3, and chrome on this computer, firefox 2 on my old laptop, and safari on my desktop. I like firefox 3 the best out of all of them.
"it's officially summer!!!
no more school YAY!! :]"
summer was three days ago...(summer solstice) wow you guys end late
same here!! first day of "summer" for me
THE UNITED STATES HAS UPSET #1 IN THE WORLD SPAIN!!!!!!!!
"i have no idea what you just said...
is it untied or united?"
sorry i ment United--I take it you don't follow soccer at all do you?
>.< Nope. Sorry.
I heard about how people wanted US to win, and "upset". lol.
"Did anyone else here watch the actual game? I feel so bad for Spain. It was even for the first half hour when the U.S. got first goal, but after that it was all Spain. Especially in the second half, where I counted one shot for the U.S., their second goal. Tim Howard, though, blew me away with some of the saves he made. I think Italy vs. Spain would have been a much more exciting match.
Looking forward to the final, I really can't see the U.S. winning against Brazil (because they're gonna beat South Africa). They blew them away in the group stages without even trying."
"yea i'm not the only soccer freak.
i was surprised by USA they were losing after the first 2 games and then got a 3-0 against egypt and some how actually made it to semis. (first surprise fore me) then they come and score against spain in the 27th i'm like OMG THEY HAVE A CHANCE. then they score again i'm like OMG THEY WON. and surprisingly US had 2 shots on goal, scored both of them. Spain had 10+ shots on goal and none went I. Credits to Tim Howard. Come on Michael Bradley why get that red card. And take off your shirt for a yellow? you see that comming... but anyways spain hasn't lost a game since 2006 and u.s. (14th ) beat spain (1st) i mean OMGGGGGGGGGGG
ok i'm done now...
and now for my monthly check on scioly...
edit* o yeah i think brazils going to win 2-0 and then beat u.s.a. like 3-1"
I finish summer school the day after tomorrow
"OMG. I hope I'm not the only basketball freak, but...

SHAQ AND LEBRON??!?!? SERIOUSLY?!??"
what happened? sorry, I'm a basketball freak (ish) but I'm not following NBA anymore...
"oh, so...

Shaq got traded to the Cavaliers for Ben Wallace, Paplovich, and a second round pick. Shaq's mad that Kobe won another, so now he wants to win with Lebron. It seems to me that Shaq and Lebron will be unstoppable."
Summer School who wants to be in school over the summer unless you have to be there
i'm taking health over the summer so I don't have to waste an elective period on it
it was that or wait till my junior year to take freshman gym. Thats entering pedophile zone.
"why didn't you take gym now??

failed it??

or did you get like special permission to not take it as a Freshman?"
Oh it just wasn't possible to fit in my schedule. I was taking all full year classes with a full schedule, and they couldn't fit it in this coming year either because of the classes I choose or something like that. So I basically had to take it, or be 2 years behind. The scheduling people got kinda angry at me
Michael Jackson was hospitalized today. I have heard rumors that he is dead
Micheal Jackson has been confirmed dead
"it's sad

but i really wish he hadn't undergone all those surguries and stuff-in a way it made him a bit of a joke"
uhhh. shaq. well... he's okay, so maybe they won't be so UNSTOPPABLE? (or maybe I'm not that much of a basketball freak...)
it's sorta bittersweet.
"Why do schools have to make gym mandatory for all 4 years... ?
I think that's sad that Micheal Jackson died."
other sad part is that Farrah Fawcett has died today too
I loved her in Charlie's Angels... awww
"i was looking at old polling place polls it seemed that the mods get bored occasionally:
(name is creator of poll)
gh: What's your favorite kind of glue?
gh: Favorite SciOly.org mod
bah: How do you like your steaks cooked?
bah: How do you like your hamburgers cooked?
bah:When do you take shower?"
oh joy it is the season of rolling blackouts
"Yep tis the season
You left your state blank yet you include your state flag in your sig"
oh wow i did i guess i never remembered to change it
Ok, glad I could help.
< does not get HTML programming.
^ does not get most thing associated with the computer
true, sadly, very true.
"You have to take gym all four year sux for you i was only required to take gym for one year of high school

Well my town is no longer untouched by Swine Flu, oh sorry H1N1. First a youth camp that is in my county had confirmed cases of Swine Flu, than i found out that a kid i almost ended working with has Swine Flue. This kid is kinda one of my friends"
"Really dude you haven't changed your state to Colorado?
Cause you sure as Heck aren't from Kansas"
"Where did you get Kansas from

wow both people from Colorado on here seem to have troubles spelling certian words..

Yay a psot with no misspellings.

Wait did i just type post as psot gad demmit"
Billy Mays Died!!
can't I have a sense of humor?
No, all funny must die
Then who will live?
"Does spelling really matter?

""Arocdnicg to rsceearch at Cmabrigde Uinervtisy, it deosn’t mttaer in waht oredr the ltteers in a wrod are, the olny iprmoatnt tihng is taht the frist and lsat ltteer are in the rghit pcale. The rset can be a toatl mses and you can sitll raed it wouthit pobelrm. Tihs is buseace the huamn mnid deos not raed ervey lteter by istlef, but the wrod as a wlohe."""
"Yeah that is sad.

I had a friend on Facebook say one of the funniest things.

He said ""Michael Jackson and Billy Mays are dead. I vote Zach Effron next"".

I have to say i agree with him on that.

God the EVIL rain gods hate my family. every time we plan a BBQ it has to pigeon rain. Hey i did a good job at the BBQ. I didn't stare at a hot girl that was there. no this wasn't my cute girl it was a girl i met in Vegas that live 30 miles south of me."
"why no more baseball talk???????????????
I love baseball
I love argui8ng with EASTstroudsburg13 on whether thge phillies or the mets are the best(METS RULE!!!!!!)"
So a reply to that facebook status voting Zach Effron to be the next to die had a girl comment that if he died that have of the Females in the world would commit sucide. So than someone than said for the Jonas brothers instead of Effron. that same person said Bam there goes the other half of the females.
yay i would be the only female left in the world. That's actually probably not a good thing now that i think of it..
How about we not get into that, k?
"i agree


So starpug what was that you said about the Rockies haveing a hard time getting the wildcard spot. Last i checked they were half a game behind for the wildcard, but have lost 3 games since June 4"
I wouldn't want to
Who's surprised besides me that the Giants are 1st in that Wildcard race?
No the real question is how many are surised at the Rockies run. I began a lot earlier this year. I belive there can be a Rocktober this year. Wait there already is cause the Rockies have a few game in October, but Rocktober will be longer this year.
that's and awkward palm tree if i ever saw one
any Astro fans on here? i would like to see them make a run for it
Sorry, but no
wow i havn't been on in a while there is a surprisingly large amount of threads i havn't read
Wow i go camping the third week in July. Than i go on a cannoing trip that starts on July 31 till the following Wednesday. Than on August 27 i go back to school. to bad that day can't come sooner cause i an so ready to come back to school
we start school wicked early this year - September 2nd
"My school starts pretty late this year, I think September 12th.

[I should probably go to sleep.]"
Phillies stunk yesterday.
"You call that early. I wold call that late this year we started on August 21.

Rockies rocked yesterday. Jason Marquis pitched a full game and not only that only dilivered 86 pitches and only the Dodgers only had 2 hits and scored no runs to he pitched a two hit shutout"
"Enough, you're an avid fan of the Rockies we get it, we don't need a game by game
p.s. you guys still won't win the west"
Our school starts the last tuesday of august. Usually.
Thank you
Yeah I have to go with the Dodgers in the west. Sorry Pleadies, but I can't pick against the Cardinals or Brewers in the central. The Phillies in the east, purely because they will get Ibanez back soon. And I think it's way to early to pick the wild card.
Hey, at least it's not the cubs!!
"my picks:

Al
East: NYY (hard fought battle with Boston-decided last day)
Central: CWS (though who knows it could go anywhere)
West: LAA
WC: Boston

NL
East: Phillies
Central: St. Louis (again could go anywhere)
West: LAD
WC: Chicago Cubs (hard fought with brewers)"
"Nope. I like the Rays to make the playoffs again. I think the Red Sox will fall out of the race because Dice-K can't pitch anymore and it doesn't appear that Smoltz won't do a lot for them. I don't think the White Sox can make it either unless they get a pitcher similar to Peavy (clearly they have the prospects to give). And I like the Angels in the west as well. The rule of life is pitching, and the Rangers don't have enough.
As signified by my avatar, I agree with the Phillies pick. I agree with the Cardinals too now that I think about it because Carpenter is pitching well. Obviously the Dodgers are good. I don't like the Cubs though. I think it's still a wide open race, but the only teams I can consider at this point are the Brewers, Giants, Rockies and Marlins (they're actually ahead of the mets)"
I agree with you on the NL wild card picks gyourkoshaven. I agree with everyting by FMtiger tho
"Hey I would really appreciate it if everyone goes to this site and pick their favorite 3
http://ryzwear.com/portfolio/jackyt

Thanks!"
I have a question/joke for you sweetcoop, PM me for it.
nothing kills a thread like dudeincolorado
Bored.
Board
Bord
Wiki
LOL How did you know? Quick.
I'm the wiki mod I know these things
Redsox will win it all this year, just saying. Their pitching's unstoppable.
coughJohnSMoltzcough
"hooray the mets are only one game back!!!!!!!!!!!
yay the Salt lake Bees won one of their last 3 gamesa!!!!!!"
Phillies beat Mets tonight! Thursday I trained at operating a moon bounce (as expected, very exciting).
The Little League World Series tournament starts soon!! Somehow my coach is expecting my team to make it all the way to Eastern Regionals. [which comes before the world series and includes the state winners from 9 states] I really doubt that will happen though..
HAPPY 4th of JULY!!
i succedded in confusing one of my friends.
Federer just won his 15th Grand Slam title, breaking Sampras's old record of 14... wow.
Great match. I just feel bad for Roddick, cause he was so close. He's gone to 4 Grand Slam Finals, and been stopped from winning by Federer all 4 times. It was great to watch.
yay Hunter Pence made the all star team
That match was amazing I mean winning a major on a 16-14 final set is incredible. I feel so sorry for Roddick.
Uhhhh it is going to be hard to not tell you that Jason Marquis and Brad Hawpe made the all star team along with Brian Fuentes, a former rockie. Oh pigeon did that just slip out i am sorry that is the last time i will say anyting about the Rockies unless there is a Rocktober this year
VOTE VICTORINO (for final vote, of course)
at one point 9 out of 11 users online were reading the Assassination
Oh I forgot 6 Red Sox are on the AllStar team, and these ones are current one not formers.
sweetcoop and his rockies Your urge to mention the Rockies will die out just like your urge to mention your cute girl did. I havent heard you talk about her in awhile.
I have actually mentioned her lately but now i am in a delimma cause i have to choose between two girls so i kinda stoped talking about her
if you sort members by post count descending --pages 38-474 + 5 users on page 37 are all users with 0 posts
I hate everyone that is from another state that comes to my town over the summer i want to pigeon shoot the tourist
The Phillies crushed last night. 22-1. That's kinda mean... I was at the game.
Not going to mention 1-0 shutout Rockies had against Nationals. Marquis pitched 8 innings. pigeon did i just let that urg out again. Gosh darnit. I promise i will not mention the Rox again. Rox=Rockies
Yeah but its the nationals. You should be truly ashamed to be a fan of your team when they lose to the Nationals. While the Phillies murdered the Reds who are a .500 ballclub.
i really miss my science teacher/ scioly coach!
We're doing elevated bridge this week in summer school with the older kids [grades 5 and 6] and today we did mystery architecture with the younger kids [grades 1-4]
cool it rained today first time in months
It's down pouring here and we've been under a severe thunderstorm warning for like an hour now. The thunder is really loud. I have softball later on but my coach doesn't want to cancel it.
we're getting a ton of rain its starting to get annoying
God dang. We made it untill today, July 07, 2009, with no person being taken by the river. Today the almighty River took two people from the earth. Wait they were rafters so that means they were probably tourist so that is two less annoying tourist that we have to deal with in this town
you almost seem happy.....
*note to self* dont be a tourist that dies in Sweetcoops town
I'm planning a trip to BV next year. Please dont kill me [jk]
go find sweetcoop and knock on his door then he'll kill you
"WELCOME BACK SOOBSESSION!
or are you just in the computer room again?"
yups!!! thanks!
so you are in the comp room?
ya
"I am sad that two people died in the river today but i am also rather happy. Why, cause last year at this time 7 or 8 people had been taken from earth cause of the river, but this year so far that is only two.
Pleiades wrote:
I'm planning a trip to BV next year. Please dont kill me [jk]
Are you really planning a trip here. If so the question that would be better to ask is that you don't kill me. I have seriously had about 8 near death experiences cause of the stupid tourist that attempt to run me over while i am on my bike

@robotman: you forgot an apostrophe in that sentance"
oops
I miss getting daily baseball updates, the MLB isn´t really followed in Peru.
well...if you got on here in peru why dont you go to espn.com or something?
I just lost.
pigeon you binary you made me lose the game
"Fine you want an update.

Rockies pitcher Embre got the win last night and he didn't throw a single pitch. First game that has happened in since 1988. pigeon sorry no more rockies"
I think we have someone with posting fever: sciolygirly
well, im glad the phillies lost when the mets lost 2 days ago!!! But they both won yesterday!!! talk about irony!!
I got my report card yesterday. Stupid History
I did, and I'm glad they're still in first, but it's more convenient just looking at the scores in the newspaper.
talk about wierd but I'm reading the newspaper for the mets score instead of going on line!!!
eating popcorn with sugar on top of it is delicious and fun
"im really bored so I decided to see who had the most posts-this is the first page according to search

croman74 836
EASTstroudsburg13 775
dudeincolorado 574
andrewwski 554
Pleiades 542
Phenylethylamine 529
smartkid222 463
Dark Sabre 456
rocketman1555 455
starpug 450
robotman09 441
pjgscioisamazing 405
Mr. Cool 375
gneissisnice 366
Flavorflav 357
eyeball138 328
fmtiger124 321
binary010101 308
2win 261
jazzy009 259
gyourkoshaven 242
haven chuck 238
crabnebula143 223
sciolykid101 222
bob3443 219

im in 17th and as you can see croman and EAST are way ahead of the rest of us

im done being bored now"
wow!! that's alot of posts!!!!! I only have like 153 posts
I drank four cans of Mountain Dew today, and I am pretty full of energy right now. I can only imagine how my friend, who drank seven cans in a few hours, is feeling.
thats kinda like me but I had allsorts of Dr. Pepper
Someone please explain to 49ers for me why my name is a different shade of blue then all of yours.
"yes why is his name blue??????????????????
I'm getting really mad because I called myself blind while trying to find out why"
"HE'S THE WIKI MOD THEREFORE HE GETS A SPECIAL COLOR FOR HIS NAME

good enough starpug?"
"big jerk over something I cant understand
lets all be jerks toward 49ers today shall we? lets pick on the short almost 13 year old"
dont worry we all go through it when we don't know the supposedly "obvious stuff" because we havn't been around as much
It's under my name isn't it
thnx a lot
hyperglycimic attack?
did you know the 7/11 stations are giving away 5,000,000 freee 7.11 oz slurpees on 7/11/09?? I got the liquid artillery and it was awesome~!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
today on call of duty 5 i got 37 kills and 5 deaths
my brother got that one. I got a mountain dew and a blue raspberry.
"ohh that sounds really good where are you and youre bro at?
I'm in utah!"
im in pa
I don't even know if we have a 7/11 around here so I couldn't get one
Mass.
Are there 7/11's in Utah? Because if there is better go there now before you come back to PA. And I don't remember seeing that flavor at all...
"yes that is utah's major gas station, doesn't anyone know that? and I already had that slurpee EASTstroudsburg13
youre in mass, pleiades?
didn't know there were 7/11's that far east!!!"
"fmtiger124 would like to announce that 49er's is driving him crazy because he's posting so fast and often the amount of not read threads on fmtiger124's page is increasing to ridiculous levels


no offense 49ers I just had to get that out of my system"
"lol lol hahahahahahahahahahaha
yeah its driving me crazy to keep track of so many threads too!!!!"
You guys actually try to read all of them?
Hello and Greetings from Wells, Nevada
did you move? or are you there tempoarially?
"yes yes I do try to read them all

the mets have won 3 in a row!!! hip hip hooray
hip hip hooray
hip hip hooray!!!!!!!"
but they're still 6 back.
You know there was a time i thought that when a certian team that i will not mention the name of would win even a game or if they could string two. I knew it was a fluke when they made that run in 2007
"I didn't know they had 7/11's that far west!
sweetcoop wrote:
a certian team that i will not mention the name of
I wonder which team that is?"
I didn't even know where any 7/11's were!
I just assumed they were everywhere.
pigeon yeah Prince Fielder won the HR derby
This statement is false.
I am now posting from a tent in West Yellowstone, MT.
"ok...you're on vacation?

EDIT: i just noticed looking at the beginning of this thread it used to be a lot more random"
"The below statement is false
The above statement is true"
Oh no, my brain just exploded from the paradoxicality!
The Phillies have won 9 out of 10.
"Ah the discussion of baseball I remember when i had that problem. Seems like that was only yesterday.

the only The Legend of Zelda game that i have not played is Four Swords Adventure for the GameCube.
The Timeline for the order of the Legend of Zelda games is really confusing"
random? lalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalala
"..............


thats all I have to say to that"
sorry I had to quote that. sudden urge.
ramen smells funny
"no it doesn't

I like ramen....a lot."
"YAY FOR DOUBLE POSTING!!

I CHANGED MY SIG YESTERDAY!!"
"I like ramen noodles more!!!!

and my bike in utah sucks butterfly because I was going realy fast and tried to stop, but my brakes failed, I hit a fence flipped over the handlebars and fence and my bike came with me at the same time!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! It hurt"
I'm leaving for a month in Europe tomorrow
yay ramen.
Too soyie
why are raspberries pronounced razzberries?
TACOS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
WELCOME BACK SOOBSESSION!!!
Dumplings
"thanks fmtiger

im gonna miss jhu cty...one of the best sessions yet...

but now...time to start studying!!!"
futrure City Rocks
"Tomorrow is the first day of my favorite week of the whole year.

Two weeks after that has to be my second favorite week
Tomorrow i leave to go camping for a week.
my second favorite week is the backpacking trip but this year it is a cannoe trip
Lastly!


MOUTAIN DEW AND STRARBERRY ICE CREAM HELLZ YEAH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!l"
"i dont know why but that is really wierd!!1

has any1 weatched the movie ""forever Strong""???

Its areally good movie!!!!"
RANDOMNESS!!!!
I will talk to you guys next Saturday
Ah, Chuck Lorre is hilarious
ha is a new member on scioly because he has 0 posts
Not really..
"hey youre right!!!!
he joined before I did!!! lol hahahaha

oops sorry for calling you new RandomPerson52"
Some people just spam faster than others...
i feel appreciated
Yea...you and 49ers
"hehahahahahahahaehehehe very funny lol

yeah tommorrows my birthday!!! I turn 13!! an official teen!!"
You weren't really wrong, I joined in April but I only lurked very occasionally until the past couple days, and I lurked among the old forums when I needed Reach for the Stars information a year ago.
why doesn't anyone notice this
HAPPY BIRTHDAY 49ERS!!!
"oh, 1st person to remember on scioly today!!!
(3rd person overall)"
yays!!!
I wonder if the mets will win on my birthday...
Phills have won ten straight.
the mets didn't win on my bday...
YANKEES ARE IN FIRST PLACE!!!!!
Phillies lost
the mets can't even beat the nats 2/3 games
The Astros swept the Cards now they're only 1 game out of first place in the tough NL central.
"The NL centrals tough with mediocrity.
The AL East if tough with 3 actually really good teams. (THE YANKEES ARE IN FIRST!!!!)"
The Red Sox will win the division, but I think the Yanks will win the wild card. Go Phillies! Sorry 49ers, but the Mets should really be selling at the deadline, I mean they're 10 games out of 1st and Beltran and Reyes aren't close to coming back. I'm starting to like the Astros beating the Cards (Good Pitching > Good Hitting). Rockies with the wild card, because Marquis can pitch and the Giants can't hit. Twins in the AL Central, and I like the Mariners starters, so I'll go out on a limb and predict them.
"Its essentially been a given that the wild card comes out of the AL EAst since the beginning of the season.
If the Yankees win the division I will laugh really hard--doubters.
I think the mets should stay put don't sell or buy."
Yeah, I guess any of their players with value are on the mend. Sorry Pleadies, I change my Central Pick to the Cards, because they just traded for Matt Holliday.
Oh yea I saw that Pujols (however you spell it) is going to be a serious contender for the Triple Crown now that he's gonna have protection in the line-up.
"I say:
AL East- Yankees (as much as I don't like to admit it)
Central- White Sox
West- Angels
Wild Card- Red Sox

NL East- Phillies
Central- Cardinals
West- Dodgers
Wild Card- Giants"
hey where are the mets eaststroudsburg13? jk I dont think this is thier year
Blahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
My friends dragged me to a Taking Back Sunday concert last night..
"there now it is correct. Even though i have been camping for a week i do know that the Rockies are in first for the NL Wildcard

Helton hit is 500th double on Wednesday

God today i had the worst 4 hour car ride in my life. I was in the back of a surbiban, i meen behind the back seat all trip."
hey the previous post was the 2000th post n this thread
hellz yeah i had the 2000th post in this thread
dang the phillies destroyed the Cardinals 14-6
And Jimmy bleeping Rollins hit a grand slam. Face 49ers, the Mets can't do it this year. With all of their injuries, I'm not sure I can name a starting position player of theirs other than Wright.
"We really need a baseball thread
someone do it"
Okay there we go.
"I'm coming home in 6 days!!
and still soobsession is the only person on scioly to wish me a happy birthday!!!!!!!! aaarrrggghhh!!! noone on my SO team did yet!!!"
"Ok, fine. Happy belated birthday 49ers.

(better me say it now than you start attacking me at the first science o meeting )"
Yay i found out that i will not be required to take an english class my senior year cause i am taking a college English class this year along with my English 3 class i have to take for school
haha very funny(I would have killed you the instant I saw you are you kidding me?)
"Wow i love how my small town is the one area that defies nature and everything that science states.
First Science says the wind blows from West to East. Well here the wind blows North to South, South to North, East to West, and if it feels like in every three years the wind will blow West to East. Well Science also says that the weather conditions here are not right for a Super Cell (Funnel Cloud) to form well today a Super Cell formed literally right above my head. I was able to tell that the wind was really blowing the right way for a Tornado cause the lower clouds were blowing Clockwise and the Upper clouds were blowing CounterClockwise. Yeah I could see the clouds actually moving. Really I would like to see Scientist explain the nature of the Weather here in my town ha i bet you can't do that Scientists can you



Edit: I just noticed how strange this is but this is the 2011th post in this topic
I graduate in the year 2011"
I hate bikes evenn more now because my brother hit me again today
I graduate in 2013. Of course I won't live to see that because of the Apocalypse.
We had a tornado really close to us. I mean in a 10-mile radius. I don't know all the details now though.
"Ever wonder how procrastination works?
You tell yourself over and over in your mind that you need to do something...coughsummerreadingcough
You look over at the thing you need to do...it's within 2 steps, and you still neglect to do it."
really? why do i always miss all these awesome things while im in utah???
"WAIT WTF????
did 49ers get banned or something and he made a new account?????? or am I just not aware of the ability to change ones user name....."
i dont know about the banned thing ill have to ask bah or someone on chat but i am almost positive that you cant change your name unless you can get DS to do it but even then im not sure its possible :shrug:
Sadly no I think it's two accounts
only he would do that.........
I don't think they're the same, DS would have banned one
I think he should ban both.
Agreed
"So......
A.Someone's trying to impersonate 49ers......
B.49ers got banned and made a new account with a promise not to spam??
C. I have no idea....mabye DS can explain"
No, I think that 49ers made two different accounts. I think he made 49ersfan a while back, then later made 49ers.
Oh....yea I didn't see that......so why did he suddenly switch accounts?
Andrewwski banned one, then 49ers switched over and was banned on that account. One is a temp the other is a perm
I suppose that wasn't for me since I was on chat when we found that out but Thank You
Which is which?
"49ers is 49ersfan

i think what theyre trying to say is that

Andrewwski banned the 49ers account. then 49ers switched to his 49ersfan account cuz...well...his other account was banned...then the 49ersfan account got banned too...yeah..."
So he's been banned?
:shrug: i guess...
fmtiger124 gives Andrewski a lot of cookies
"yes he is banned
at least for the present time that is"
i just saw 49ers on...so hes unbanned?
hey i had the 49ersfan account first. then my cousin jacked it. and then she se my other account since every one is a pigeon jerk around here)
yes yes i am unbanned!!! yeah back to spamming!!!
"49ers is my perm!!!!
my 49ersfan got permanatley banned!!!!"
"lols
hi 49ers!"
sorry i accidently double-posted... and where did the delete post thing go? i clicked it 10 seconds ago and it didn't work and now it's gone...
Darn
"ty for welcoming me back!!!
hey thats not very nice fmtiger124!!!1"
Well, most of us don't appreciate the whole spamming thing... maybe if you toned it down you might not get into trouble.
so what the butterfly is that supposed to mean?
DON'T SPAM
"49ers wrote:
so what the butterfly is that supposed to mean?
He means stop spamming and mabye I won't have to say stuff like that and you won't get banned.

If you keep going how you are when DS puts in Karma you're going to have an extremely low karma."
i actually didnt swear! i just put in butterfly....
was i complaining about you swearing?
let me reiterate the overall point we're trying to get across:
you sure souded like u were complaining about me swearing(i didnt swear)
"forum rule number two and three
2. Posts should have a legitimate purpose. Users should not post two word replies, personal attacks, and malicious rumors.

3. We respect your right to disagree, but personal arguments should be conducted personally and not on a public forum.

guys stop arguing its annoying if you need to talk do it on chat or PMs"
"how do you chat!!!
i dont know how to chat!!"
but i like spamming!!!
"click on the link in my sig or on the
Ajax/ java chat words along the top by where it says logout[insert nick]"
how come wright stuff and mission possible get their own forums? no fair
they usually generate a lot of discussion, it makes it easier
"that doesnt make any sense!!!!
and someone let me back on chat!!!!!!!!!!!!
I am mad at everyone who wanted me off because they were doing more wrong stuff to me than i was to them!!!!!!"
Yes it does. What doesn't make sense to you?
"the fact that there are new forums!!
and will the admins let me back on AJAX chat"
there are new forums for those specific events because the tend to attract a large amount of posts so there making separate topics on the event will help organize it so people wont have to go through all those pages just for one thing
but i still wanna continye conversations in those forums
there is no reason to have those forums open to post they would just clutter up the rest of the help section and besides there is nothing left to discuss the season has ended there are new events to work on
I dont know wahts with you all but i would like to still be able to talk in previous forums!!!!!!!!!! aaaarrrrgggggghhhhhhh!!!! why does no on e get that?
Discuss on what? You can copy and paste quotes from the old forum and post them on the new one if you want to continue specific discussions. And we're not all against you, we just have different views on how to post and what should and should not be on there.
I get it, and guess what, it's not happening. End of story, we do this at the end of every year. It's nothing new.
you mean spam?
Come back in 2 years with a different username and spell-check.
"whats with everyone and saying i spam!!!! argh!!!!!
denmarksoccer wrote:
49ers wrote:
that doesnt make any sense!!!!
and someone let me back on chat!!!!!!!!!!!!
I am mad at everyone who wanted me off because they were doing more wrong stuff to me than i was to them!!!!!!
Come back in 2 years with a different username and spell-check.
huh? thart made absolutely no sense in response to my post
andrewwski wrote:
49ers wrote:
I dont know wahts with you all but i would like to still be able to talk in previous forums!!!!!!!!!! aaaarrrrgggggghhhhhhh!!!! why does no on e get that?
I get it, and guess what, it's not happening. End of story, we do this at the end of every year. It's nothing new.
well someone could have told me that this happened!!! i had no idea
EASTstroudsburg13 wrote:
Discuss on what? You can copy and paste quotes from the old forum and post them on the new one if you want to continue specific discussions. And we're not all against you, we just have different views on how to post and what should and should not be on there.
oh i see everyone having different opinions than me is not meaning everyone's against me even though thats what it means..."
"Darke Sabre made an announcement
look through the board befor you start complaining that no one told you
Forum Changes"
I was banned so i couldn't look!!!!! its not my fault that it happened while i was banned
acually you can look while you are banned if i remember correctly you just cant log in or you get a message
"When your ban is over you can read the announcement just like everyone else.

And yeah, you should be able to read, just not log in."
"well look whos posting short now!!!!!

and i couldn't even get to the website while banned because i didnt have time and what is this announcement board thart is som ething else i havent heard about until now?"
"Hmm in that case, if anyone has not managed to find the announcement section, go there NOW:

http://www.scioly.org/phpBB3/viewforum.php?f=24

It's something that everyone should read before they even begin to post, so if you haven't already, go there! One, it answers many questions that you may have, and two, it contains the rules."
"Ok. so i was supposed to go there before i began posting?
man did no one tell me anything when i first began(namely you EASTstroudsburg13)
so is there a way to get there with out the link here in this forum?"
Uh yeah, under "Competition Forums" is "Administrative Forums," there you should see "Feedback" and "Announcements."

I like kiwi.
"...that was random....not really out of place on this thread though....and you deleted some of the posts... :shrug:

i did a whole speech on kiwifruit and kiwis once...."
i ate kiwi for lunch yesterday
i havnt ate a kiwi in forever
"I tried to though.

Kiwis are really good. I also had a pear-flavored yogurt the other day."
hmm...never tried that before...im eating an apple right now...apples are good too...
Kiwi flavored things (yogurt) are good, but I don't like the plain fruit.
5 days on a river and i am so pigeon happy to be home.
Phillies killed the Rockies last night.
We're talking about baseball here now: http://scioly.org/phpBB3/viewtopic.php? ... 2&start=45
Not too long until school starts again...
Really? I still have exactly a month.
Same here, I'm not even thinking about it yet.
I have exactly 20 days untill the first day of school and 18 days till my first class. Ha figure that one out
aww.... i only have 10 days
Can't figure out what sweetcoop is talking about.
"i have about a month left til school starts but im definitely thinking about it...supply lists and schedules are already out...but those cursed state test scores still havent come out! we took them in march for goodness sakes
sweetcoop wrote:
I have exactly 20 days untill the first day of school and 18 days till my first class. Ha figure that one out
your school starts on a friday and you dont have class on the first day of school? or you just so happen to not have class on the first two days of school? or you will be on vacation for the first two days of school so will therefore miss class...."
It's not your first class for school, but something else.
Mine is in about three weeks, it's not really that far...
so close but wrong this class is for school just it is a college course
GOT MY BRACES OFF YESTERDAY! yes!!!!
God i had to tear my pigeon school schuedel apart just so i could be in Sci Oly this comming year since my school is stupid enough to have Sci Oly as a class
"this is fairly cool
http://tinyurl.com/6x289e"
"don't click it!!!!!
This video is awesome, you have to see it.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kr2jlCyCJBI&NR=1
my favorite part is when the parachute deploys and the rocket slows down so quickly."
I clicked both of them!!
Ugg i want the next two weeks to go by as fast as possible so i can be in school again
what happens when you click those videos?
you have to click them and find out acually they are quite awsome
Robotman's is a rickroll, mine is a cool video about a science experiment.
"I'm going away for a few days today!

PS SOninja I think your userbar link might be broken."
"Oh where are you going?

I'm actually also leaving my house for 4 days from tuesday-friday, but I'll have internet access (yay )"
"I promise that this isn't a rickroll video I'm too dumb to do anything sneaky like that....
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UGtKGX8B9hU
It's French AND about coffee
Oh, here the version with subtitles
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-UsR9Ap41R8
I've been singing it for about a week now."
LIAR!
My french teacher used to play that all the time during french!!
Haha, but tbh my rickroll is better then his
from one of your userbars starpug i belive that i have found a sports team that we both are fans of. That would be the Patriots
YAY
haha I think it's hilarious

"screw you pug
i will not worship you"
wait huh?
lol starpug
yes you will
lol sweetcoop exceeded his photobucket bandwith
yeah i need to talk to the person that made my sig about that.
"why not save the image and host it yourself?
or is it copyrighted or something like that?"
hey sweetcoop, remember when your last sig got deleted then you got this one and I told you to host it and you asked me if I could host it for you.. well I still have it if you want it.
ok than i still want it
I PMed it to you.
Design change!
i like them it makes it easier to get the the wiki and such thanks DS and MODS
me too. Great job guys!!!
Ugg i have a little over a week to find a ride to CMC(Colorado Moutian College they have schools all over Colorado) so i can go to my World Civ class there every other day of school
i think aquatic salamanders are awesome.
My brother had a football scrimmage today at the stadium where the Patriots play. I'm so jealous!
"I was reading the beginning of this thread today.......
dudeincoclorado posted like 10 times an a row once (couldn't you just have edited????...oh wait your dudincolorado I forgot )


Im way too lazy too read the 70 or so pages between this post and the end of the thread but how'd that work out?"
that plan is on hold till next thursday
Watch her be the guest on right now .
What are you talking about gyorkoshaven.
Rockies are doing really well.
Ted Kennedy died late last night
there is a topic to discuss baseball now
I knoww It's like all over the news.
"AUGH! i'm actually in high school! gah! i'm a FRESHMAN! gah some more!
everybody is so... TALL. there are guys taller than my dad, and he's tall. but no, i had to inherit the short gene...
classes aren't hard so far, but i know almost nobody in my classes (half of them are sophmores anyway). OR in my lunch period, or gym for that matter. humbug.
well, i ain't dead yet.

edit: and i wanted to take latin."
"Yeah I know how you feel , I'm a little below average in height, and almost all my friends are taller than me. It may also prove to be an annoyance this year (my sophomore year) if people think I'm a freshman.

Thats why one should take french"
i am taller than most of the people in my school
I take french!
"Are we listing heights? Okay, then, I'm in the 5'5"" to 5'6"" range. But it's okay because I take French.

Has your school started already? Mine doesn't start until September 8th."
"im like 5'10 to 5'11

i take german"
"wow youre tall, im only 5 foot, exactly.

i take español!"
"im about 5 ft...and i take spanish.

our school starts 9/8 too.
fmtiger124 wrote:
im like 5'10 to 5'11

i take german
ummm...
your tall. like really tall...i know seniors who are shorter than that! what grade are you in???"
im going into 10th grade....I know poeple that are like 5 inches taller than I am
i'm around 5'6 too i think.
"No 5 inches is an exaggeration, more like 2 to 3.

around 5'6"" here"
This is getting off topic...it's not so random anymore.
lol off topic, in a random comment thread?
"you have a point
but, denamrks right, if you read the beginning of this thread its rediculously random--now people make mini converations and base their posts off of what other say--the height discussion, baseball etc."
"psh well sorry
my school started 8/19, last wednesday. and i'm only 5.0 feet tall.
because my mom speaks spanish to us and i used to be fluent, i'm taking spanish 3 instead of latin. i should probably do 4, but then i'd be with seniors...

now that's the end of this *cough* random conversation."
I am rather excited i sit next to a gourges german girl in my Language Arts class this year than second semister this year my Lang Arts teacher will be an Aussie.
It's marshmallows, not marshmellows!!!
i have perfect color vision
I'm just trying to say, if it's not random anymore, it's off topic. Go make a thread called "height" or "weight" or "favorite type of cheese" if you want to have those conversations.
me too
Cacti!!!
the cactus guy!!!!!!!!!!!!
MY SCIENCE TEACHER IS OBSESSED WITH GLUE STICKSS!
"hahaha, really?

my science teacher put the jackson 5 on during class today."
I'm really hungry today and I don't know why.
"My math packet has problems in small font.
Small font is the reason this country is in depression right now."
my spanish teacher likes to sing songs. in spanish. about elephants. and make the class sing along. twice through. (these are sophmores and juniors we're talking about).
i need my bus pass.
i have a garfield band aid!
The willamette meteorite is 15.5 tons. YAY
"Apparently our school schedules finally arrive today, and my neighborhood always gets our mail much later then most other places (the lady who used to deliver us our mail retired, and to save money they aren't replacing her, and others have to pick up the route, and I'm guessing they do that after their normal routes) and lucky me, I'm going to go school shopping and then to dinner with my aunt uncle and cousin, and won't get back until late .

Yeah I'm a rather impatient person.

EDIT: well I got it before we leave yay, but they gave me the wrong orchestra, I also have the SO head coach as my sicence teacher, but she's also apparently bad at teaching chemistry..."
we get our schedules on the first day of school >.>
"I get mine at freshman orientation...
...but i sneaked a peek online when they didn't block the website...heheheh."
Same here.
Ours come a week before. I have our SO coach as my homeroom teacher , but not as a class because he teaches CP Biology not Honors.
lol yeah. so i have a pretty good idea who my teachers are...i just dont know what my second elective is, the order of my cycles, and whether or not my schedule is final...
i have one of my SO coaches as my science teacher. hooray
today is saturday
tomorrow is sunday
my SO coach is a language Arts teacher.

I found orange beans on the ground today. They were in the woods.
Oasis broke up...
There is a website devoted to positive integers
I have a friend who once got on the teacher comp at school in the computer lab and he got all these sepcial powers and he kept sending people to suicide.org
you can only play the "good" world in Twin Shot 2 unless you pay! i want to play the eeeevil one
"i was playing scrabble earlier today and my friend is like ""ugh i just got 4 E's!!!""
without looking at her tiles, i jokingly said ""haha just put down eeeevil!""
She looks down, and asks ""can i really do that?""
i glance over at her tiles and she has a 4 E's, a blank, 1 V, and 1 L.

Coincidence?"
Woah!!
A beautiful post by gh in the Wierd Alergies thread:
Has anyone ever ridden on a black sheep? I has. :3
"*ahem* 49ers *ahem*

I'm thinking that maybe in a little while (say a year or two) when he's had a little more experience in SO, we might allow him to come back. For his sake."
I don't think it's the experience...
"oh he got banned again?
i thought he was just mad because everyone was kicking him out of chats or something."
It's 1:17 in the morning and I just finished my summer assignments. I have school tomorrow morning.
haha don't worry i was up till four and running on tea, and did my avatar get smaller?
"No clue, but thanks for drawing attention to it, because now its lack of a transparent border is annoying me, so now I'm forcing myself to remove it for you

http://i26.tinypic.com/jhyjo9.png

(sorry its a bad pet peeve)"
YOUR just jealous because the voices only talk to ME!

"Just a comment, since I'm ""dead"" on the assassination forum....

That was such a LAME clue.

Seriously. Three sentences that start with the letters A then I then A isn't too uncommon. Moreover, I'd just assume it was a coincidence... but as an actual clue? Deeisenberg is right- you should know, without any doubt, that you solved the clue. Assassin, I hope you can give better clues soon!

On a similar note, I am not the assassin. For one, if I had a weird urge to kill myself, I'd at least write a CLUE to go off of.

[/rant]"
haha thanks anyone can tell you that I'm not tech savvy at all.
"Oh your welcome, that one was just a quick magic want thing, literally took me ten seconds.

What was hard was cutting out my avatar from the backround, couldn't use the wand, had to go in there and erase most pixels by hand. (http://dsmedia.ign.com/ds/image/article ... 927412.jpg)"
"on another note if you were the assassinator youd have to resign since you killed yourself.
But I wholehartedly agree. the statement saying ""ive given you all i need to solve this next clue"" HAS NO CORRELATION TO LOOKING AT THE FIRST POST. Second of all besides that being a coincidence that it spelled that...if I noticed that id think it was an identity clue not a victim clue. but i ranted in the Assassination thread already so ill stop now."
Why can't dead assassinators kill living players? They could turn into zombies!!!
I think everybody hates this assassinator by now, bad spelling + grammer, denying us of our 3rd set of protects, and now a crappy clue...
"Hey let's not be too harsh.
Other assassinators have had bad spelling/grammar and in my opinion are still pretty cool
And well... it's not easy being an assassinator. It's harder than it sounds.
Yea, the game's not going as swiftly as in some other rounds, but I don't hate the assassinator.
So mr.assassinator, if you're reading this
1) don't kill me
2) don't feel too bad. maybe try and think of a hint? please? =)"
you guys now that you are allowed to psot under the assassinator thread
I, for one, think it's awesome that the Assassinator waited until the last minute to deny you guys your 3rd set of protects.
you would, wouldn't you.
No I believe this assassinator is purposely changing his/her writing style to be worse to disguise him/herself, which is why I dislike this assassinator
Yeah that is bad. if he were changing his wrighting style so he has good spelling it wouldn't be quite so bad.
well in that case, I would not approve of his bad misspelling/grammar. O_o
Here we go again........then again for once you may have a point starpug it could be him
Starpug just thinks that anybody having a remotely suspicious POV about the assassination thread must be the assassinator.
Go ahead and accuse me. You might even be right.
"seriously denmark? are you trying to throw us off?

on a random note,

my tree which i planted four years ago is growing taller! and a lot more leaves! and thicker!
and i didnt even do anything to it...i just kinda dug a hole, put it in there, and covered the hole...
whats depressing is that my friend's tree (also planted four years ago) is already like more than six feet tall...mine is still at like three feet"
"hmm, if it isn't you then I think that you need to reappraise your priorities. Intentionally misleading officers would get you arrested for obstructing an investigation in real life.
We need accusations on denmark and nejanimb"
It's too bad I moved to Maine, I missed out on the Garage Sale in California. I wanted to by some surplus prison uniforms
Wait.. you MOVED to Maine? I thought you were just on vacation there!
You didn't know that? lol bit of a long vacation don't you think?
Lol well how am I to know? Some people may like longggg vacations! Starpug, does your new school have a SO team?
Hey i also had no idea that he had moved
"2222nd post!!

Well, Maine is closer to here than California, I guess..."
"I START SCHOOL TOMORROW.
gosh has the summer flown by"
wow... we are already three weeks into school
"I found something on wikipedia a few hours ago that amused me: (i'm not sure if wiki always updates itself early, but i'll post anyways)
http://i29.tinypic.com/5o9yxi.png

And now i have to go to bed, the first day of school is tomorrow....

g'night all."
LOL, who knows. Don't trust wikipedia. At least not with that...
What is this thread even about?!?!?
"yes, it does update early.
googlyfrog wrote:
What is this thread even about?!?!?
it's about saying random things at random times. if that's even a topic. it says it all in the title, no question needed."
Ok...
"ITS RANDOMMESS!!!
try reading the beginning of this thread some people (namley dudeincolorado) had some......interesting moments

In the mean time I dislike blue cheese"
I like green cheese the best !
"wow sweetcop hasnt mentioned a hot girl in a long time so either
A. he finally asked her out (which i doubt we would have heard about it )
or
B. he is attempting to make us forget the whole thing and let him be in piece (which again wont happen )"
"hahaha. i think it might be the second.
and im sick of every guy i kno mentioning that megan foxx is hot. she's a celebrity. whatever. she has puffy lips. lol. no offense, just being random!"
I will just keep you guessing on that one
you mentioned a few weeks ago your plan to ask her out was put on hold till about now? so what happend?
Also i will let you keep guessing on that.
Will you tell us when something happens?
That you will just have to wait to find out
Whatever, best of luck to you with that sweetcoop.
yep. good luck!
you weren't here were you? when he mentioned his hot girl everyday it was interesting
So? If he doesn't want to tell us anything, then he won't tell us anything.
i second that motion... heeehee
It is true but since than i have had so many problems with girls i mean i started to fall for one of my friends than i couldn't choose between two girls, it always inclueded my cute girl and some other girl.
this is awkward to discuss about. is that just me?
"i will change the subject. uh...chocolate is yummy?

am i getting good at this random thing or what?"
"only dark chocolate. milk chocolate is blechy and white chocolate is even MORE blechy.
Dark chocolate is amaaaaaaazing."
psh. are you kidding? milk chocolate ftw!!
i kinda like fruit.
I don't like ice cream.
im building or attempting to build 3 bridges today. yay!
"Are you CRAZY?!?!??!?!

Yes, tclme_elmo, I didn't know you liked dark chocolate. Dark chocolate is my favorite too! I LOVE it!!! Yum!"
I think I might run for treasurer in my school.
How can you not like ice cream?!?!?!?!?! gah!
"it's 11:30 pm. i just finished my homework. i should be going to bed, duh, but NO... i have to be a super-procrastinator and do this.
TGI(almost)F!"
Today is the 8th anniversey of the attacks of 9/11.

Exactally
"while we were in school, people read what some students wrote as a reflection of 2001, in 2001.
there was one poem that was sooooo well written and I loved it. and i almost started bawling."
Vine, vide, viche. I came, I saw, I conqured Mt. Democrat.
VMA's scared me.
i miss gelinas scio
Poor Taylor Swift!!
kanye west is an idiot. apparently rumors have said he was drunk that night. i think he was being stupid. he's a butterfly (i typed it purposefully this time!)
Drunk? really? hmm. yeah, that was REALLY stupid of him, and so mean.
"sry for the double post. I'm eating delicious asian pears (homegrown), bananas, and grapefruit juice ice. the bananas are the best.
people should try it, even though it sounds strange frozen bananas/watermelon is good.

EDIT: I didn't see the post after my first one."
i think he might've been. he would have done something like that.
"I luv Asian pear!!! yay!

oh, idk. wait, nvm i just looked it up, yes, he was drunk."
"this is not going to be good for his rep.
edit: What rep? lol"
lol! I never really actually liked him that much
Are you kidding me? You always talk about him, and you have all his songs, and I didn't know one of his songs and you scolded me!!
M, he's, uh, no comment. actually I guess some of his singles are ok. and I do not have every song by him! only like 2!!
BOOM
BOX
wha....?
This post is futile.
so true.
eh?
"robotman09 wrote:
BOX
googlyfrog wrote:
wha....?
Please ignore robotmans fail of an attempt to imitate me and make it say BOOM BOX (as in a stereo)."
okay. i actually sweat in gym today.
FML
I think the way you should do that is FML. Much less likely a filter will pick it up.
I got my first FAIL on a quiz today.
"hah.
i would eat a whole box of triscuits right here and now if your math avg was lower than mine."
GO STUFF YOUR MOUTH!
"i lost... THE GAME! ... lol. garden herb triscuits here i come.

fyi: i'm eating them one at a time like a civilized person"
thanks. I LOSE!
gosh was that necessary? I LOST THE GAME!!!!
well. it wasnt really a fail. it was more like an ALMOST fail. verrryy close.
Oh gosh let's not bring that to this thread. I won the game, so I'm not playing. Ever.
I want to Rick-Roll Rick Astley
5,000 post thread finally finished. The mods wasted no type in locking in once it was done.
"Haha, I had a feeling they would do that, but their reasoning is certainly valid, that thread was really pointless.

But I won! Yay."
Actually it used to be the 1,000 post thread, but when it got there, they didn't lock it. We just have to convince them to open it back up, and eventually get Sheogorath back on.
You spend way too much time in posting games
Well in my defense, I actually didn't participate in that thread that much, though if you mean posting games in general, then yes, yes I do.
same with me.
i hav a bloody stuffy nose (not bloody, but stuffy)
Liechtenstein is a really cool country.
I HAVE AN INTENSE SCAB!!!
La La La i bowled great today. whooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Today is Sunday.
There is a rat on my shoulder right now.
"""I got you a gift""
""WHY YOU WASTE MONEY!!!!""


lol."
I have a feeling them locking it was trying to send a message, dont make threads like that when all they do is add posts to the server which could slow it down.
"http://scioly.org/phpBB3/viewtopic.php?p=2133#p2133

Yep"
My cats are staring at me predatiously...
"I HAVE GOOD NEWS!

I JUST SAVED A TON OF MONEY ON MY CAR INSURANCE BY SWITCHING TO GEICO!!!

...jk."
"I just saved a bunch of money on my car insurance by threatening my agent with a golf club

yay xkcd"
i just saved a lot of money on car insurance by not driving a car...
Sounds like people I know.
"Bleh, I hate sundays.

Almost as much as I hate mondays, but not quite."
"I the Fray.

same.

i spent like an hour at CVS today.

building two bridges at once today."
"The fray are quite decent, I was pigeon when I heard they were playing at the NYS fair (which isn't that far from where I live) but it was way to expensive to get last minute tickets.


Edit: really censored for that?

XD Thats actually quite amusing, I think I'm going to leave it that way."
lol... I like the fray, linkin park, and eric clapton. The pumpkins are awesome too
"haha. that happened to me too. lol. it is pretty funny.
im not gonna start a stupid argument over who is a better artist, because we're supposedly all mature science lovers around here."
"im reading the third maximum ride book.

on wednesday, it will be the last part of our tryouts and the team will finally be chosen on thursday.

im listening to one of the songs by the fray right now.

wear your monday smile!

monday smile-
tuesday smile-
wednesday smile-
thursday smile-
friday smile-
saturday smile
sunday smile-"
"we had an awesome assembly.
YOU'RE ALL BEAUTIFUL!
for me these are all the smiles:

monday-
tuesday-
wednesday-
thursday-
friday-
saturday-
sunday-
also, back to school night is tonight."
"My SO team is inseparable- if only because of liberal amounts of duct tape and superglue.

This is the week in smiles for me:

Monday-
Tuesday-
Wednesday-
Thursday-
Friday-
Saturday-
Sunday-"
"omg i love that assembly! i started crying in it. It is truly awesome.
A month later, I started one of my speeches off with ""Helen Keller was an oyster!"""
hahaha. nice. I was crying in it.
"Mon:
Tues:
Wednesday:
Thurs:
Fri:
Sat:
Sun:"
"i don't get this weekly smiley thing... do you have a routine like you can't smile on mondays or something...
or is this some joke i'm unaware of ???? >_>"
it's an inside joke. ms k.
I am soooo bored right now
me too
i have to test one more bridge and build another one again. i have a lot of hw too.
deep breath. Ok i think i am ready to face school tomorrow. more importantly my cute girl. cause as far as i know the only way my plans can be ruined is if she is sick tomorrow. Crap during Sci Oly today i remember she said that she wasn't feeling good today. CRAP.
Don't worry, you can do it. I know you'll be fine, just be yourself (haha cliche I know).
"good luck let us know how what happens
you can do it"
Good luck.
What in the name of Carmen Sandiego has been happening here?
"He don't like foozball
Oh shennigans"
Dude entering the pedophile zone is a senior dating a freshmen.
"Okay, changing the subject....

I don't know what to change it to."
"Ummmmmmmmm

Section 308
Rows 18 and 19
Seats 23 and 24 in both rows.

Guess what that is."
Um, the seats you had at a recent Rockies game?
So......details? How'd it go?
Not had the seats i have at the upcomming game this saturday.
"ahem

(I hope this doesn't mean it went badly...)"
Well nothing happened cause wouldn't you know it. I predicted the future. She was sick today.
"that's not that bad. it actually happens often

had my tryouts for SO today"
i finally found duct tape
IT HOLDS THE WORLD TOGETHER!
we had our first scio meeting of the year today!!
there's some intense discussion about the Assassinator thread. DON'T START IT HERE.
Hmm...I'm in favor of a temporary suspension of the game, and a dissolving of the EOOTA.
I am happy because it is sunny today!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
lucky it is already like Winter here where i live. wait that is cause we have what seems like a 9 month winter and it started monday.
Well I'm going to assume you did it today so yea how'd it go?
My intense battle scar has turned into a really annoying scab!!!
battle scar from?
Last week I was at tennis practice and I ran up to hit a ball and tripped on a ball that was on the court. My friend said that it was like I was falling in slow motion cuz first I went up then I went down. It was really funny tho!! While I was getting up, me and my other friend were just laughing our heads off!!!! And when I was like, "I'm bleeding" my other friend ran in circles shouting AIDS! AIDS!! LOL
"hehe

my orch director is awsome
he lets us go on field trips every thursday"
Welcome back Danger Will Robinson!
i found a portable command prompt
to where???
we walk around outside
thats a field trip?
its more fun than sitting around so yea it is
"I bet you his school has outdoor fields... so yeah I guess that would be a field trip.

Oooh and portable command prompt? Do tell"
wait so when does orch meet? during school?
yep it s a class period
We get to play "My Heart will go on" from titanic. Which is insane if you're a first violin....
"Right now we're playing:
Pirates of the Carribean
Fame
Spiderman
An American in Paris

In case you havn't noticed the theme of our first concert is movies"
"we are playing
Legend By ofallon
farandole
and anvil chorus"
we are playing Schumann's 4th symphony
"anvil chorus
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RXFZckzjcKw"
"All you guys are lucky. we play really sucky songs.
and that's cool that orchestra is a class pd for you.
What chair are all u?"
1st second violin
Well, I'm in the highest ranked orchestra in our school as a sophmore which until this year wasn't allowed but I sit in the back of the Viola section with the other sophmores at the moment, all the Juniors and Seniors are ahead of us. Though that could change after our proficencies which basically determine concert seating.
"nice. we're playing corelli's christmas concerto (bleh)
the best song is declarations.
we cant play movie songs, because our orch teacher is so narrowminded.
and also, we sometimes go outside, on some days, or we used to. but not ""field trips"""
"FM apparently has a really good music program (at least according to what others have told me)

I think we're doing:
Lord of the Rings: Fellowship of the rings
Titanic
Superman Returns
Charlie and the Chocolate factory

But yes, the first concert theme is movies."
"Man, how many people here are in orchestra?

My teacher doesn't really seat us by rank. Generally, she puts people together with opposing strengths so we can learn from each other. Like if one person has amazing tone but bad intonation they might get put next to somebody with great intonation but bad tone. And we sit in a different seat each concert. Anyway, in regular orchestra I'm 6th chair of 1st violins, and in Chamber I'm 4th chair of 2nd violins. And I'm one of only two freshman in Chamber, so I can feel special.

We don't really play ""recognizable"" songs like ones from movies, but they're all fun to play."
"Googlyfrog was incredibly surprised to find out I was a guy over in The Game thread...

*sigh* Its going to be one of 'those' years isn't it?"
i have cello lessons in an hour!
"Sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry!!!!! Sorry! Really really really really sorry!!!

I am last chair of first violin. Last first. Pretty cool title eh?"
"*sigh* You guys seem to have really cool orchestra music. We don't even get the interesting stuff until the holiday concert is over, and we might be playing something from Twilight for the spring concert. I might just quit.

I think this is the list for the holiday concert:
O Holy Night
Tango
Trepak from ""The Nutcracker Suite""
""For Unto Us"" from Handel's Messiah
...and something else I can't remember

By the way, I'm first violin, first chair (sometimes second, my stand partner and I have agreed that whoever gets to rehearsal first gets first chair)."
"Hahaha, its okay googlyfrog, you're response has amused me to the point where I don't care much anymore
(also the ""its going to be one of 'those' years wasn't all due to you either, kinda a guess of mine as what this years going to be like from the first few weeks)
AlphaTauri wrote:
*sigh* You guys seem to have really cool orchestra music. We don't even get the interesting stuff until the holiday concert is over, and we might be playing something from Twilight for the spring concert. I might just quit.

I think this is the list for the holiday concert:
O Holy Night
Tango
Trepak from ""The Nutcracker Suite""
""For Unto Us"" from Handel's Messiah
...and something else I can't remember

By the way, I'm first violin, first chair (sometimes second, my stand partner and I have agreed that whoever gets to rehearsal first gets first chair).
Well, normally we have your standard classical sounding pieces, we don't usually just do stuff from movies, but we do have good pieces overall.

Also, I doubt we could ever play 'O Holy Night' in one of our concerts, its considered ""too religious"".
We can't even call it the holidays concert, we have to call it the 'Winter Concert' (Well actually, the way the concerts are spaced out this year its in november so not really winter, but in years past it has been in december.)

Music from twilight
*barfs*
Won't that series ever die? Its so terrible..."
Ahem......cough cough
I did school orchestra last year, but I'm not in it this year. I'm in my youth orchestra this year instead. Last year, I did the school's and 2 youth ones. I hardly practice now.
darn i cant decide between firefox and chrome
"No you guys, Twilight is the BEST!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
What song would you do???????????????"
"I'd like to point out, with respect to orchestral seating, middle school orchestras often are with just one grade, whilst high school orchestras are often all four grades together.

Resume randomness."
"I sincerely hope you're joking tclme_elmo
(no seriously, you'd better be joking )"
"In response to this.

LIFE IS A BUTTERFLY.

There"
"Well... being rejected is much better than being strung along without having your feelings returned, and hurt more in the long run. Sometimes honestly is best, even when it hurts more at first.

But, I am sorry to hear that sweetcoop, kudos for you taking the initiative anyways."
Life is a butterfly... Life has its ups and downs... Life changes... what?
Edit butterfly to where it means female dog.
"No. No no no no no-Twilight is awesome

I'll bet that you haven't even read it...so you wouldn't know!"
The site censors words it deems to be, shall we say, "unfit", by changing it to the word butterfly.
"http://bookstove.com/fantasy/why-i-hate-twilight/
don't hate me twilight lovers. (i'm not saying i totally agree with the website, but there are some well-made points)
i've read the book before so this isn't a biased opinion. in fact i've read the whole series and watched the movie.
i just can't stand the media hype over this book anymore.
there are so many better books and authors out there that the people who are busy reading twilight over and over again are missing out on
Go to the library and read some real literature!!!

Also, sweetcoop -
I'm sorry to hear that. you have the condolences and respect from an unknown stranger across the country.
feel better!"
"ewwww. no.

I'm sorry, it's not even considered romance, it's about vampires and such fantasy. if you want a good romance book that's not bad for your brain go read Pride And Prejudice.

I'm so sorry sweetcoop. better luck next time?"
"Actually, its a really terrible series, I could give you tons of reasons why, but that link given by SOninja sums it up pretty nicely

And yes, I have read it, for some reason I liked the series around a year ago, but I tried to reread the first book back in January, and came to my senses."
fmtiger124 sends his condolences to sweetcoop
As they say, it's better to have loved and lost than never to have loved at all. Sorry Sweetcoop .
"""Bella's Lullaby"". *gag*

Just so you know, my friends have been trying to get me to read twilight. I read the first 2 pages and then would have thrown the book against the wall if it hadn't belonged to my friend. I'm sorry, but unlike probably millions of teenage girls across the world, I prefer to fall in love with people that actually exist.
x_SOninja_x wrote:
Also, sweetcoop -
I'm sorry to hear that. you have the condolences and respect from an unknown stranger across the country.
feel better!
Here's sympathy from another unknown stranger across the country."
You got farther into the books than i did i picked the book up. Read the back and set it back down again
Twilight stinks. I thought it would be like Harry Potter for me. (when I first read Harry Potter, I disliked it because I was too young--too many big words, but now I love it) I thought since I hated the first book, I should keep going. I did until the 3rd book. Then I asked myself why the butterfly I was doing it. I hated those books SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO much. Worst book ever. In my opinion.
"what's wrong with Bella's lullaby?

me too, sweetcoop, Sorry to hear."
It's from twilight. Enough said.
"Twilight Fans:
http://graphjam.com/2009/07/06/song-cha ... -annoying/
More Twilight graph jam stuff:
http://graphjam.com/2009/06/10/song-cha ... rls-sleep/"
"An interesting piece of trivia I found amusing, the actor who plays Edweird (Robert Patterson) apparently wanted to write an original piece of his own for ""Bella's Lullaby"" but apparently they didn't like it and got Carter Burwell to write it instead.

Also this book wins:
http://www.twilightparody.com/
Sample of the awesome cover art:"
"haha
""Oh, that’s Edweird,” she said, rolling her eyes as if they were the seven and ten pins teetering and deciding whether to fall down or not. “He’s dreamy. But he doesn’t date. Apparently, even the best looking girls in the school are not good enough for him. Rumor has it that he’s only interested in five foot four, average looking dark haired girls who only recently moved to Sporks from a hot climate state beginning with the letter “A.” Go find someone who fits that description!”

It's nice, but I wouldn't actually go out and buy the book."
I totally agree. I dislike the girls in my grade who think they're gonna end up marrying Justin Bieber or Zac Efron.
So apparently my school is the only one in the area that has school tomorrow
My school would probably never close for Swine flu
"oh wow...i feel bad for you...

you have my sympathy sweetcoop, from a stranger in some other state thats not colorado

ya know what? with all this talk about twilight, we might as well make a twilight fan club thread...or an anti twilight thread"
ANTI ANTI ANTI!!!!!
Yesterday was the anniversrey of the Platte Canyon Hostage Crisis. Or You can call it a School shooting.
"You're cheerful.

On a happier note, penicillin was discovered exactly 81 years ago. (Thank you, Wikipedia.)"
The longest word you can type on the top row of keys is typewriter.
im on pg 210 of my sister's keeper.
Yeah I've heard that before googlyfrog...
"""Today, I arrived home to find my sister screaming at our dog. Apparently, the dog had completely destroyed her 'Twilight' book. The dogs name is Buffy. I laughed at the irony. MLIA""

Epic dog win"
"Uh, how about...Apples are more effective at keeping people awake in the morning than caffeine.

or...Your stomach must layer itself with mucus every two weeks or else it will digest itself.

or...If you yelled for 8 years, 7 months and 6 days, you would produce enough sound energy to heat one cup of coffee.

I've got lots more of these random factoids if anyone wants to hear..."
"yes let's. I like random

btw did you people know that strawberries are accessory fruits??"
"funny. i MLIA. esp since their lives are just lols. not avg.

""Today, I had an interview about attending USC. As I sit down, I ask the interviewer, ""So will the sorting hat select the housing or do I choose?"" He gave me a stunned look and peered both ways before whispering, ""Oh, so you're here for the REAL school."" I think I know where I'm applying for college. MLIA ""

i dunno which is funnier, that the stunned look came before the peering, or that he/she asked the question about the sorting hat in the first place."
"Umm a kid that goes to Summit Middle School has died form Swine Flu
Oh did i mention that Summit is 30 Miles away from where i live. this has me a bit worried."
"The swine flu is just about as a potent killer as the regular flu, most people who die will either be very young, very old, or have a pre-existing condition that makes them more susceptible to die from it.

so don't feel too scared"
"wtf is this?
http://www.scioly.org/phpBB3/viewtopic.php?f=4&t=1505"
"today i got sad because noone was playing frisbee.
When I asked why not, they responded that it's too windy.
WIND!!! agh.

...it's ok. i managed to play in the commons ! (without getting the disc confiscated)"
"exactly. if you are healthy and stay healthy, than there's nothing to worry about.
i was tested twice. both negative. in june."
yeah. im scared.
......eh
It would actually be sort of funny if it didn't waste space and could be considered spamming.
flies are in my house.
Simple solution, teach them tricks and become the Lord of the Flies.
never read that book, YET
That's horrible!!!!!!!!
"lol starpug...great idea.

i read that book a couple years back..it was alright and kinda weird and sad"
This is the color of my friend's bookbag!!! Wow that was really random!!! =)
im making quotes for my folder..
Anita is 5 ft tall. She is walking at the rate of 4 ft/sec away from a security light. The lamp is 12ft above level ground. Let t = time, y = length of her shadow, and x = distance from the lamppost. Write the length of her shadow as a function of time and find the length of her shadow 7 seconds after she passes directly under the lamp... (can't solve this one )
"New avatar

Go Phils!"
"well, she'd be 28 feet away and at the point where she's directly under the lamp, her shadow would be 0... I'll keep thinking about it. What math course is this for?

EDIT: Gyourkoshaven- I liked your old avatar better..."
"Yeah, I'll keep this for 3 days.

Just felt like changing something."
"She has a 100/7 foot shadow at time t=7 seconds. I'll work out the answer somewhat neatly.

Edit: She has a 20 foot shadow at t=7 seconds, a 100/7 foot shadow at t=5 seconds. My mistake."


Totaly epic avatar but to bad the phillies are begining to screw it up at the end of the season
wow. im definitely gonna ask people about math help here.
"wait but at the end it says t = 5. it should be t = 7 cuz it's 7 seconds right?

uh this is for precalc honors.

thanks so much to andrewwski!!!"
You're in precalc honors? Holy crap dude, as a freshman (I'm presuming you're in ninth grade because you're in division b, and 8th grade or less is rather insane for that) I'm a sophomore and I'm only in Trig Honors.
some schools do stuff differently........but in her case im a bit confused. Mabye its not her problem and its someone else asking for help or shes really good at math or her school does math ina wacky order or uses different course names.
That seems exactly like the stuff we did in geometry last year
".... she skipped a level! heeeheee. smarty pants.
wait wat about freshman year? i dont get that."
i dont think my school district even offers trig. we just include it somewhere along the way.
Calc is for 11th if you're good, and 12th for normal people. So, as someone who's in 6-9th then you'd have to seriously be skipping, then again, your school may just do things differently. Are you in AP or just honors?
"it seems you guys do math differently than us if she only skipped one year......oh wait I just saw your post you guys do do things differently


gyourko she said shes in honors PRE-calc not actual calc.....I get the impression she skipped one year but im not sure what since they don't have trig"
"Right, my bad...so the answer is wrong then. Plug in 7 and you get (20/7)*7 which is 20 feet...that's a much nicer number.
gyourkoshaven wrote:
Calc is for 11th if you're good, and 12th for normal people. So, as someone who's in 6-9th then you'd have to seriously be skipping, then again, your school may just do things differently. Are you in AP or just honors?
Calc is generally assumed not to be taught in high school...12th grade is assumed to be some type of pre-calc. Nobody here should have a problem with calc in 12th though, even in 11th should be do-able.

Depends on your school district and what they offer. If you take math courses at a local college you can get ahead of what's offered at your high school (I have friends who took diff eq's while in high school).

Colleges assume you are ready to take Calc I as a freshman, of course if you can start off in Calc II or Calc III that's a big advantage."
yeah. we do pre-al in 6th (above 85 or 90 i think), algebra honors in 7th, geo in 8th (that's me!), algebra two, then in 10th pre-calc AP (if ur really good. of course. i think its 85), calc ab, calc bc. or statistics. and we hav algebra three too apparently.
We have algebra III too, but it's aimed at students who took algebra II as a junior, but had trouble with it according to the program of studies. My teacher also teaches AlgebraIII and I was looking at the syllabus and it looks exactly like my honors algebra II syllabus.
ours is for sophmores or juniors i guess, but only if they dont want to do precalc and want to explore algebra more...
I'm in FST/PDM now (freshman) and i'll be in AP Calc next year.
"yes i'm in 9th grade.
but see i'm not the only one.
i know 2win is really ahead in math... more than me i think."
"we have honors advanced algebra, then precalc ...

the lamppost problem looks a lot like something we did in algebra 1 though... it seems easy for precalc

ours looks a lot like that, but since i finished geometry in 8th grade, we do multivariable calculus in 12th grade... unless you take a summer course in precalc

also, our precalc isnt AP, just honor"
There is no AP pre-calc.
AP Calc or AP Stats?
"I discovered why SOninja seems so far ahead to me.
We have pre-aglebra in 7th grade not 6th. Our algrbra 2 is called Algebra 2 with Triganometry but most of us just call it trig

geez croman how many years did you skip?"
im glad im not THAT ahead. just one year. and for my district, it seems pretty normal.
"In my district, they ""accelerate"" about half of the 5th grade class (maybe less) in math, meaning they essentially take Math 6. Then in 6th grade, 3 classes (so about 60-80 kids) take accelerated math, or simply put Math 7 (seventh grade math). Then in 7th grade they take Math 8, and in 8th grade they take Algebra. So:
5th-accelerated math
6th-Math 7
7th- Math 8
8th-Algebra
9th-Geometry
10th-Algebra II with Trig (87% sure)
Nothing past that is required, but if you want to I just know 12th is Calculus so I'm guessing 11th is pre-calc

The ""normal"" math schedule is:
6th-Math 6
...
9th-Algebra
10th-Geometry
11th-Algebra II

We accelerate science in 8th with bio instead of life science, but that's going to be changed to 6th, like the math."
Sounds like most of NYS does that...that's what they did here too.
yeah, same. our school does that too, but kids have a choice.
yea i think most of NYS does what blue cobra said
I took Algebra 1 and 2 as a 7th grader, Geometry last year, and now FST/PDM. There's like 9 freshman in FST/PDM with me.
"geez one math problem and now all this math stuff... !

i took
5: math 5
6: prealgebra
7: geometry
8: algebra 2
9: (currently) precalc"
"Does anybody have an invite to Google wave ?
it seems like it would be epic?"
I think we can't skip Math 6, 7, and 8 because that would rational, and rationality is not on the Test.
I wish I did... Does that count?
haha...ninja's good. really good. but my fossils partner last year (freshman) was taking AP calc AB
"lol he also couldn't spell obsession right
i'm not that good ... a lot of people have skipped grades and the number increases every year."
"Wow to change this topic i will say something about this.

This just was just saying that when i was ready to ask this girl i started to get attracted to another girl. Wow i also liked the way you guys reacted to this but i wasn't saying i was rejected. In fact i was far from being rejected."
"hahahha my almighty brother was one of the first beta testers for it, so i think he has it now. he was talking about it.
what is it again?
sweetcoop wrote:
sweetcoop wrote:
[quote=""fmtiger124
Ahem......cough cough
In response to this.

LIFE IS A BUTTERFLY.

There
Wow to change this topic i will say something about this.

This just was just saying that when i was ready to ask this girl i started to get attracted to another girl. Wow i also liked the way you guys reacted to this but i wasn't saying i was rejected. In fact i was far from being rejected.[/quote]

its kinda awkward, since im a girl, and i hear this, i dont kno, it feels like we're objects sometimes. w/e. my opinion. dont bring it up again, i kno its the same with us and guys sometimes."
"its a cross between facebook google talk googlesites and image uploading is what i have gathered so far
i think it can do more though i really want to try it"
yummm. tous les jour cake. !
si me gusta mucho la torta esta bein para la salud y muy delisioso
Pan de los muertos son MUY MUY delisioso. Anise seed really adds some good flavor to it.
umm i don't remember any spanish cause the current teacher is a bunta and i am not taking spanish.
I don't have school today!
I'm in computer class and listening to my teacher teach us about for each loops in java, something I already know. So I am here because I'm quite bored
Right now I'm in online learning but I'm already ahead so I haven't done anything like most of this week.
I'm online because i have gym class right now and i have a scrape on my knee so i got excused by the nurse.
I'm online cause I didn't have school!
excused by a scrape? O_o that must be one bad scrape
"Actually, it is. And I got it last thursday too...
But I can walk almost normally and it is shaped like a heart (lol ^^) so that is the good news.
Next tuesday i'm expected to be able to take gym again."
Lucky! Why? What's the occasion?
It's something for teachers. It's been so nice just sitting at home.
cello lessons today.
"Today I saw someone's back pack with their initials on it ""DRM""

It made laugh....

Yes I'm that pathetic."
ha I know someone's that is NME...I find that kinda cool...
we've got a few JKs... like this one kid kept on saying JK and the teacher thought he was talking "text message talk" as he put it...then he was like...those are my initials...
uhhh, huh?
I an so very upset. and now i have to say good-bye to renting movies and video games cause the only place in town that i trust has to close down for good cause the person left in charge butterfly everything up and ran the store into the ground.
My initials are SNW and in middle school I had one of those backpacks that had your initials on it and people would always point out to me that if there was an O, then my initials would be SNOW. People said that every single time.
I have indirectly heard of a person with the initials of LSD
How so? That sucks.
"Pan de Los Muertos, done right:
Before:

After:


Tastes GOOD!"
"Tout le mondes parlent espagnol, ne pas francais????

I probably spelled everything wrong and my grammar was probably bad, but whatever."
2500th post!
"nice pic. i love the Offfice.
i got in."
"No the funny thing is when person has the initials of CEM which is short for cemitary

My first and last initals are the abbrevation of a deasese along with my full initals. MDS."
I found LoTR sheet music for my violin
"nice.
does anyone know where i could find cello sheet music for viva la vida/love story (I love the combination of both)"
A 5-year-old shot and killed an 800 pound alligator.
"It should be: ""Tout le mondes parle espagnol, mais ne parle pas francais?""

I love LoTR music!!!"
"Oh merci beaucoup. Qu'est-ce que c'est ""LoTR musique""?

That's probably wrong too. Just saying."
Je pense que c'est <<Lord of the Rings>>
Ohhh...c'est vrai, c'est vrai.
"Je ne sais pas. Cherchez-vous l'internet? (English translation: I don't know. Have you tried the Internet?)

For those of you from PA, can anyone confirm/deny the rumor about Sewickley's SO?"
Why are ya'll talking in a different language?
Because we feel like it. Seriously, though, I don't know why.
porque nosotros somos awesome like that.
"No, but try to keep that on the PA 2010 thread, that's what it's for. This is for random comments.

I went to a corn maze yesterday, finished in about 30 minutes."
Karatekid is a copycat.
Like how, for instance?
I change my avatar, two days later he does the same.
At least it isn't the same avatar.
"wow. that is one tough kid.
AlphaTauri wrote:
sewforlife wrote:
nice.
does anyone know where i could find cello sheet music for viva la vida/love story (I love the combination of both)
Je ne sais pas. Cherchez-vous l'internet? (English translation: I don't know. Have you tried the Internet?)

For those of you from PA, can anyone confirm/deny the rumor about Sewickley's SO?
too lazy.
soobsession wrote:
porque nosotros somos awesome like that.
haha.
wo men jiu xi huan.
McDONALD'S

there's an awesome car show 5 minutes from where i live. i saw a 850 horsepower shelby viper"
"wo de pi fu shi ze se de.

alphatauri--i've only heard rumors, so i can't really deny/confirm anything. sorry!"
"your skin is purple.
it's hard without the pinyin accents."
"yeah. the
ze part was hard.
especially since there is no actual pin ying word ""ze"" it's probably
""zhe"" or ""zi"""
"oh yeah oops, i meant to write zi. i think.

well actually my friend says it means ""my skin is purple"" not ""your skin is purple"".

i mainly build up my vocabulary from the back of fortune cookies."
"oh well i wrote you because you said my skin is purple so... yea...

haha my friend once got a fortune cookie that said:
Learn Chinese: Birthday
(in chinese characters) Seng(4) Dan(4) Jie(2)."
If you add "In Bed" to the end of a fortuin cookie it always ends up funny.
sewforlife, do you speak fluently?
My mom made awesome peanut butter bars!!!!! And they are sooooo good!!!
"lol. prob cuz they aren't in grammatically correct chinese or english
tclme_elmo wrote:
sewforlife, do you speak fluently?
sort of. but my accent is atrocious."
"Ha i'll remember to do the ""in bed"" thing next time. Yeah, sewforlife and SOninja seem to speak really well.

i am eating caramel waffle cone ice cream! yum!!!!! and also a scoop of cookies n cream, but that's not as absurd."
"i guess we do? i don't know. i think she's better than me.
nice. i just watched an hour of tv. im so out of it.
i watched parts of click, cars, and benchwarmers."
We got a bunch of fortune cookies at my friends birthday party and when we read them, we would always put "in bed" at the end. Some of them were really good. Here's a few
"haha mandarin? i don't even go to chinese school!
I can speak pretty well, read alright for a person living in the US, and type emails with the chinese program installed.
but i can't actually write characters myself... cuz well, there's technology, it's extremely tedious, and there are too many characters >_>"
i can speak well with a bad accent, my reading is semi- okay, and if i had to write i would write with pencil and electronic/normal dictionary, the online translators for typing online are okay, but i still would need a normal dictionary.
"Who is online

Users browsing this forum: fmtiger124, gyourkoshaven, robotman09, sciolykid101, sewforlife, x_SOninja_x, Yahoo [Bot] and 0 guests"
"sewforlife needs clear duct tape HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH

...EDIT: I prob have some at home. I can bring it on tues if you can wait till then."
I quit Facebook.
I'm going to learn how to play alto saxophone from [ [ not marykate ] ] who never posts anymore
"wat?

no its okay, i dont need it for SO related things. i do have it somewhere in my house. it has a little ducky on it, and a green cutter/holder thing, its kinda funny.

pleiades, is that harder/easier than baritone? I forgot."
"In total there are 19 users online :: 13 registered, 1 hidden and 5 guests (based on users active over the past 5 minutes)
Most users ever online was 46 on Tue Mar 31, 2009 8:29 pm

Registered users: Ask Jeeves [Bot], crzyliljellybean, denmarksoccer, eyeball138, Google [Bot], gyourkoshaven, pjgscioisamazing, Pleiades, robotman09, sciolykid101, sewforlife, x_SOninja_x, Yahoo [Bot"
"i found PDF files of Harry potter
guess who is going to be popular in DGA(digital graphics ans animation) tomarrow
well acually where i sit we have decided that we are the nerd corner so"
"i understand, but why does this matter? its not even that random.

my toes are cold."
I wouldn't know.. I've never played an instrument before. I'll ask my friend.
facebook lets third-party users download cookies onto your computer. yumyum!
"haha
wat are cookies exactly?"
"I'm not really a computer person but here's a good definition:
""A cookie is a piece of text that a Web server can store on a user's hard disk.
Cookies allow a Web site to store information on a user's machine and later retrieve it."""
Facebook though wildly popular has a ton of errors with it, I encounter countless glitches all the time, it really needs to be fixed up
"i do agree with that it needs redone in a way

also i was cleaning my face book out 137 apps that captured my info now its back down to the one that are on when you register"
I think it's random... random stats.
Can't anything be random when you think about it? LOL Green MAN!!!!
"I panicked when i saw ""DON'T PANIC"".
So sad i missed it again!!!!"
same. and then when I saw 42, i thought of hitchikers guide. even though I've never read it. i got an 89 on my spanish quiz.
"Ah i have actually realized the answer to the questin
If a tree falls in the forest and no one is around to hear it, Does it make a noise?

We don't know the answer cause sound is vibrations so you ears could just be making the nosie you hear with the tree actually making no noise."
Oh, cheer up. You're not failing.
heyan 89 oh a spanish quiz is good
me got 65/65! yay! un perfecto!
Our social studies class is insanely hard... only about 5 people in our class of aroung 25 have at least B's. At least I'm one of them.
i just slept for 2 hours and i still have all my hw to do
"i realized this when I checked the actual grade, and my average is a 97! woohoo!
and i brought my math average from a 66 (my first almost failing quiz and first quiz of the year) to a 93. happy about that."
i got a 60% on a word problems assignment...
Good Job!
WTF man WTF it is snowing in my town. Oh well i guess this is where out 6 month winter we have comes in.
"SNOW AWSOME
<==LOVES SNOW
YOU KNOW YOU WANT TO EAT THE YELLOW SNOW!!!"
lucky, it never snows here anymore.
doesnt snow here either but i still like it
Dont feel bad! I managed to get a 50% on an underline the noun worksheet in english. Yes, you heard that right. And my teacher uses a point system and worksheets are out of 5. The number I got wrong yielded a 2/5 so in the computer it's a 40% even thought I got half right. It was such a weird worksheet though. There were like 20 long sentences and we had to underline every single noun in them and if we left just one noun out, the whole sentence was wrong. I left just 1 or 2 out in a lot of them So many stupid mistakes! I have a 98% in the class so I don't really care about that.
Snow is pretty, other than that it sucks.
I'm only looking forward to snow because that means that ski and snowboard club is starting up soon!
"Snow is really pretty.

Shoveling it is a butterfly."
I like butterflies.
"Today I got a migrane during the last period of the day, and it was quite painful and annoying.

Never before have I realized how long my bus ride home is ."
I went running today.
"My field hockey team was caught cheating on our laps today so our coach made us do 16 laps around the football field which isn't THAT bad but none of us stretched because we were only planning on running a lap but then we were caught so we had to do 16 laps without stretching beforehand. I love run on sentences
EDIT/ spelling"
What is the definition of "hating" in this run-on sentence?
Apparently I cant spell either. Should be cheating.
yes. because you are a hater on laps!
My science teacher gave out extra credit if you wore a phillies shirt today.
No it was only my class because he doesn't like all the other classes. Only mine.
"Super Monkeys = WIN!

(You'd have to have played Bloons Tower Defense 3 to understand)"
I play Bloons on my iPod, not on the computer
Right, so I answer all of the questions, get to do everything, and he REALLY likes me overall, so he hates my class?
idk he just didn't give any extra credit to any of the other classes
That's what you think...
When do you have him? I know he didn't give it out 1st or 2nd pd
"The man who can't be moved by the Script
and
Stop and Stare by OneRepublic
two favorite songs as of now"
"My 2 fave songs are:
Don't Stop Believin'- Journey
Sadie Hawkins Dance- Relient K
Yeah I know there are old songs but they are so totally AWESOME!!!!!!"
fmtiger124 cues RandomPerson to make a comment about the overuse of Don't Stop Believin'
"lol. yeah i hear it everywhere. and also 1000 miles, which is wat im listening to right now.
reliant K!"
"It's fun to be random.
I remember in the beginning of 8th grade we had to make license plates about ourselves, and while everyone wrote
LaX4life and 10-nisgirl I wrote a series of random numbers and letters and drew an apple and a spider and a cactus.
Then the class had to figure out what the license plate was about and they had guessing insane ideas.
When they finally gave up, I had to tell them everything was random because I'm a random person.
They were like -groan-

1000 miles is nice but it's old cuz i remember listening to it when i was in 3rd grade."
Dang it i hate braces :\
Now that you mention overuse, I hate how radios play songs over and over and over and over!!!!!! Amazing songs always get ruined!!!
"like good Taylor Swift songs. if i listen to You belong with me, I will shudder in fear.

nice soninja. thats funny!"
i love don't stop believin! i learned the intro on piano, and can kinda do the middle.
"I know! Its so overused! The radios have yet again ruined a perfectly good song because artists nowadays can only come up with crap!
Also, reliant k are sell outs..."
Does anyone in this world besides me still listen to the Beatles and Simon & Garfunkel?!?!?!?!?!?!?
thats ur opinion, again. because not all modern artists are rappers or lady gaga.
A lot of artists nowadays are really good but a lot of the stuff they play on the radio is just not good at all in my opinion.
"Well obviously not, some are good, most of my favorite music is modern, but most of the modern stuff I like is obscure (save the killers and linkin' park) however everytime i turn on the local radio station all I hear are terrible songs, and well, radios are probably the best indication of what music is like nowadays.
*shrugs*"
"true. and they are also the indication of ""new"" songs. i hate people who think I listen to all ""old"" songs when they came out in '07. the kind of people that don't know who The Who are. stupid.
linkin' park is obscure? really, i think he's pretty popular. well, with people in my school."
any beatles fans? simon and garfunkel? am i the only one left?
... there are definitely beatles fans here.
"RandomPerson52 wrote:
sewforlife wrote:
thats ur opinion, again. because not all modern artists are rappers or lady gaga.
Well obviously not, some are good, most of my favorite music is modern, but most of the modern stuff I like is obscure (save the killers and linkin' park) however everytime i turn on the local radio station all I hear are terrible songs, and well, radios are probably the best indication of what music is like nowadays.
*shrugs*
Save implies that they are the exception, obviously they are pretty mainstream.
Also, its not 'him' Linkin' Park is a group, If you mean the main singer then you talking about Chester Bennington."
"I fell like talking like Bob Dole

Sweetcoop high fives Sewforlife for the comment about You Belong With Me by Taylor Swift i hate that song."
"ok I like pretty much everything that's already been said...don't stop believin', linkin park, the killers, a lot. WHAT'S WRONG WITH YOU BELONG WITH ME?!?! I LOVE TAYLOR SWIFT!!!!!!!!!!
lady gaga is good but really creepy...has anyone seen the music video for paparazzi?! it's so creepy!"
darn you people Just Dance is now going to be stuck in my head..........grrrrrrrrrrrrr
Within 20 min in one day i hear You Belong with Me about 3 times on 3 different radio stations.
Yeah, pretty much. Wayyyy overplayed.
"gah!!!!!!!1 thanks...for getting it stuck in my head.
sweetcoop wrote:
tclme_elmo wrote:
ok I like pretty much everything that's already been said...don't stop believin', linkin park, the killers, a lot. WHAT'S WRONG WITH YOU BELONG WITH ME?!?! I LOVE TAYLOR SWIFT!!!!!!!!!!
lady gaga is good but really creepy...has anyone seen the music video for paparazzi?! it's so creepy!

Within 20 min in one day i hear You Belong with Me about 3 times on 3 different radio stations.
agreed. i walk on the bus and i hear ""she wears high heels , i wear sneakers shes cheer capn and im on the bleachers..."" lovestory is pretty much ruined too"
"I don't think the music they play on the radio is crap. It's the best music of the most popular genre, and you have to be talented to sing or rap like famous artists do. That said, most of it is just not my taste, so I don't listen to it, but just because I don't enjoy it doesn't mean it's worthless, or that it sucks.
Of course, U2 are indisputably the best band ever."
"fmtiger124 changes the topic back to random stuff.

My Smiley Top 10:
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10"
Agreed!
maybe we should make a new thread called "The Forum" and it's just people talking (like whats happening here), and keep daily random comment, random comments
Last year, we had two months and four days between regionals and states.
no i kno wat "save" means, I just didn't see it. or i thought it was part of the band name. yes, and I know linkin' park is a group. sorry, my mistake.
pretty good, i agree. and also, you're right, they aren't bad, just like everyone says Miley Cyrus is bad, she's not, she is just isn't liked for her reputation. and yes, you belong with me was a good song in June, when not every single radio station started to play it.
The Office episode tonight was amazing!!!!!!!
"hahaha i couldnt add my smilie, it exceeded the limit

this is such an inside joke (right soob?)

i had waffle fries at 10 at night. i feel like i hate myself for being fat. hahahah"
The Office was okay. The only really funny things were Andy and Kevin (Shoes and hair )
I agree completely!!!! I loved the ending part! Poor Andy though. Some people on our school's scioly team didn't like it!!!
We didn't say we didn't like it, we just didn't think it was the greatest episode ever, like you said it was.
It totally was.
Please stand up against googlyfrog! Support eyeball and gyourkoshaven!
Googlyfrog, do me a favor, and go watch The Negotiation from Season 3. That is one of many episodes from season 3 that's better than last night's episode. Don't get me wrong, it was good yesterday, but not great, and NOT the best episode yet.
"Agreed eyeball and gyourko, the older episodes I think were much better. than this latest one.

C'mon, remember how original it was when Jim put Dwight's stuff in jello?"
"can we keep this random?
on a hypocritical note: didn't some girl get kicked by dwight? that's wat i heard. clarify if im wrong."
Lol, yeah, that was Pam's sister at the dancing montage at the wedding.
I like truly random comments. like the front of this thread.
"i hate when the soy sauce is left out. (happy? )
and yes, i use soy sauce in the morning. sometimes"
"Sometimes I watch the toaster when my waffles are getting toasted.
Then when they pop up I jump up and feel a bit more alive.
Also because it's funny. No matter how many times I spaz when the toast is ready, I'm always startled."
i LOVE soy sauce
soy sauce is amazing. It's true. But so is Tofu, and any Asian noodle dish, or any hot soup.
TRUE DAT!
And mantous, (dunno if that's how you spell it in english), dumplings, kimchi, or Asian spices.
Whats mantous? DUMPLINS AHHHHHHHHHHHH YUM! (AND WONTONS OF COURSE). but i dont really like kimchi. or anything spicy
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO. Spicy food is AMAZING! Kimchi is DA BOMB! Mantous, the dough stuff, you know?
I love how a guest posted on the first page, and then DS fixed it:
ok i THINK i know what youre talking about...
yeah, those bun things you eat as a substitute of rice. Speaking of which, RICE!
Yummy but I still prefer noodles better
True. You know what's really good, STICKY RICE!! Or fried rice.
"derailed thread is derailed. bak 2 randum.

rawr"
No, you're supposed to join in!
AHHHHHHHHHHHHH STICKY RICE IS MIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIINE. MY GRANDMA MAKES THE BEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEST STICKY RICE EVER!!!!!!! (I think we still have some in the freezer since the last time we went down there to visit, which early this summer...) and i recently had some of it for lunch!
No. Sticky rice is mine. Definitely. And my mom makes the BEST General Tso's chicken. It's amazing!
No sticky rice is WAAAAAAY MINE and sorry but you cant change that. HA! good for her!! yum i love that
fine. You win. Do you ever have hot rice or soupy rice for breakfast? Or scallion pancakes?
"THANK YOU. uh, not for bfast! ew who eats that for breakfast!? thats a dinner or lunch! not breakfast though!
yes i like scallion pancakes, yum again"
It's a breakfast food. I LOVE it for breakfast.
you eat that for breakfast!?!?
Flyers and Phillies both lost 5-4 yesterday.
I know, so sad.
They eat salty food for breakfast in Asia. Rice, soup, fish, tofu, etc.
"Yup. Uh, guys, sorry to rain on your parade, but sticky rice is SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO MINE! It's like my favorite rice.

Anyone here have moorku? I just had some today. Yum. Or mixture? Or chicken tikka? All my favorites...."
Yeah, I'm not Asian, so I feel like this thread is becoming rather exclusive.
it is supposed to be random, and this is pretty random. You can always talk about Asian food too! Anyone can! and googlyfrog we already made the agreement that sticky rice is MINE. How often do you eat it anyways?
"It doesn't matter how often I eat it. It isn't eaten a lot where I'm from, but fat rice? OH MY GOD AMAZING!!!!! Anyways, I'm just saying I like sticky rice a lot. You can have it if you want...

EDIT: Yeah this is becoming a little exclusive, even if I'm part of the group. Let's open this thread out to others. It is supposed to be random after all.

Today is Friday."
Yesterday was thursday.
tomorrow is saturday!!
NOWAI :O
oh and also, the day after tomorrow is...drumroll...SUNDAY!!
"I have a 4 day weekend
we have monday and tuesday off"
LUCKY!!! I hate you for that!
"Lucky. My next long vacation is Thanksgiving, which is 1 and 1/2 months away. And then the next one after that is Christmas break (the official name is apparently ""Winter break"").

I have two scheduling conflicts for extracurricular stuff in the next 2 weeks and it's only October. I don't want to imagine what March is going to be like. Speaking of which, I'm going to be missing Regionals... (I can only hope my team doesn't epically fail.)"
Johann Franzen is injured for 4 months...
"Who's that?


Guess what???? In exactly a week from now it will be...no I can't say it....I should let you figure it out for yourselves...no I can't hold it in any longer....FRIDAY!"
good job for figuring that out.
"tclme_elmo wrote:
tomorrow is saturday!!

And tomorrow today will be yesterday, but yesterday today was tomorrow."
Kinda funny looking at danger's sig, because I think my parents would prefer that I quit sports and have no social life at all, to do SO 24/7.
Really good Red Wings player.
I am watching Arthur right now. An awesome show.
"Come today it has been 7 yeas since my Uncle passed away.

On the plus side today is Troy Tulowitzki's birthday."
So do we actually... we have two inservice days.
I play piano.
so do I.
"you mean zhou? yeah, its supposed to be for breakfast. scallion pancakes. yum. that's what i eat with soy sauce every morning.
i think im gonna stop using the english word for chinese foods. chong you bing! pinying rocks.
on a more random note:
i was called a he/she in assassinator"
"ahh soy sauce! I can type in Chinese characters on my iPod, but it won't do anything cuz I don't know what any of them mean. Only a few...

春<--Part of my Chinese name! And my middle name!"
"请问你叫什么名字??

That's random cuz I walked into french class and saw it written on the board."
"Ahem...
googlyfrog wrote:
RandomPerson52's a GUY?!?!??!??!?!?!"
These gender mix-ups are so funny. Got to love the internet.
Yup. Sorry again, RandomPerson52. I just loved your reaction though..."Yes, I am of the male gender."
"...are you a girl??? chun is a pretty middle name...
x_SOninja_x wrote:
请问你叫什么名字??

That's random cuz I walked into french class and saw it written on the board.
why so polite? wo xin ""so"" ming zi shi ""obsession"""
yeah I'm a girl. thanks! my Chinese name without my last name is chun ke, which is spring guest.
How do you get the Chinese characters on the keyboard? Copy and paste, some sort of symbol option, or that your keyboards actually have the chararcters as keys?
"haha funny
either copy and paste, or type in chinese online."
haha. yeah. and again, i got called a he by someone again. even though i already clarified. these people just assume that everyone on this site is a guy, dont they? or for googly, its the opposite. heehee
Yup.
"Yeah its all kinda funny in retrospect, I usually decide to just specify 's/he' if I don't know a user's gender.

Also since this keeps coming up, I think its fine to randomly go on a specific topic for a random amount of unspecified time, of course because it randomly and spontaneously occurs."
"yep.
i agree.
and i think that randomly making a thread called, ""the forum""
is random anyway."
"We have chinese programs downloaded so when you turn it on,
you can type ""de"" and its characters will pop up,
then you select the one you want to use."
My favorite word is excerpt.
Really? My favorite word is splunking.
Yeah excerpt has a nice feeling when you say it. It forms your mouth into a weird shape. I like it. And it's especially fun if you emphasize the PT at the end. excer pa tuh. Splunking sounds cool. My sister hates the word moist. Can you believe her?!?!?
The creator of this thread has not visited scioly since April of this year.
Come on, moist is an awesome word. I love it whenever two vowels are beside each other. I don't really care how it sounds, it just looks cool. Kind of like the word llama...
Ignore this post. Well I guess don't ignore it since it's random anyway but oh well.
Weird.
dudeincolorado has the greatest posts at the beginning of this forum, they're hilarious. lol
They are. We should do a tribute...
"Change your avatar... it looks terrible

Or at least for heavens sake make it transparent! The magic wand tool in any free photoshop clone is not that hard to use."
and then there are those of us who cannot find any avatars... *pokes self*
On my iPod.
Do you even know what it is? It's the Hitchhiker's Guide logo (from the book). I LOVE HITCHHIKERS GUIDE BEST BOOK EVER DOUGLAS ADAMS WAS A GENIUS!!!
"prob why u found assassination 42.
I have three binders for SO. and i duct taped one of them!"
why the duct tape?
"Yah. Thats when I decided to get into the assassination, but I was too late.
Personally, I think I would make a pretty good assassin."
"its harder than you would think. not talking from personal experience, but thats the general idea. and also, that info isnt random.
x_SOninja_x wrote:
why the duct tape?
its not a ""better binder"" and started falling apart. only 1 inch binder left in the house that has pockets."
The Hitchhiker's Guide logo is green D:<
And the background is black. The white on yellow is terrible on the eyes.
"we find out exactly what our events are next next week! can't wait!
we don't have tryouts anymore - we just write down our top 5 events, and people get put in them based on previous experience and things like that.
our team is very lacking in building people. apparently last year some people had to do two building events (i hope they didn't explode)

also, i don't like butternut squash soup."
I've never had butternut squash soup. it sounds funky.
I duct taped my Solar System binder back when I was in Division B!
"Yeah I could care less, it still looks terrible, if you want to be taken seriously I'd change it

TALKING LIKE THIS DOESN'T HELP EITHER, BUT MAN IT IS COOL!!!!!!!"
Get over it. It's not even your avatar!

Robodude, I'm completely on your side. It's his avatar, and I'm sure that he doesn't want to keep hearing that it looks terrible.
i had to do three building events last year, and nobody did robo-cross last year. i was thinking of doing it but there wasn' t much time and i wanted to focus on two
and you're still alive? o.O or did somebody duct tape you back together?
What a surprise eyeball....
"Huh?

3 building events...must be torture."
Just in general we don't agree on much.
Three building events isn't that bad. Last year I did WS, EB, PSL, and CTW, and this year I'm doing WS, EB, Helicopters, and Shock Value.
"yep yep. some people who are on team are ONLY building people.
x_SOninja_x wrote:
I've never had butternut squash soup. it sounds funky.
SOOOO good. its creamy and nice.

the yellow, red, and white make a very weird combination.
i cant see now. *blinks.
btw, im on no one's side, im just commenting.

Marie Curie!

EDIT: thanks mr. grammar (fm)"
great grammar
Denmark made South Africa 2010, and I hate butternut squash, but love the word eloquent. Yeah, this topic is pretty random...
"thats wat were aiming for.
I like the smell of freshly copied paper. and the warmth of it"
now that I think about it, I do too.
mango
"coulda had a V8!

...it's surprising when people hit you on the head and say that."
"yeah. i dont even think of it cuz i sorta like fruits/vegetables anyway.
I guessed on this math extra credit for a test, and it had coordinates from a coordinate plane, and i guessed for one of the points and got it right. i plotted it kinda, but u were supposed to use distance/midpoint formula, and i did, but the answer didnt make sense. my teacher counted it as ""showing work"""
"There's a website made to tell you when to go to the bathroom during a movie:
http://runpee.com/#app=5c9d&e1bd-RunPee ... tedIndex=0"
Oh yea ive heard about that
yah, theres also an app for it on the iphone.
"RANDOM!
hey, kanye west can paint?!?! he's not THAT talented.
I like ne-yo's singing/dancing better.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FF5Q1jr28PM&NR=1"
gee, well you don't have too be so pushy on the poor 7th grader. he only just got an avatar and everything. he's new. (although you probably alreday figured that out)
Thanks, 2win!
seriously? so i coulda just "showed work" on the extra credit and gotten partial credit???
nooooooooo. you had to have the right two coordinates, and i had the second one right cuz i guessed.
"--<--@

O_o_O_o_O_o_O_o_O_o_O It's my new illusion that i made a sort of a long time ago."
"wat?
okay, I give you credit, that was random.
anyone wanna give me a definition for ability to rust?"
"Matter made out of iron or an iron alloy that is exposed to water and oxygen such that it may corrode ?
idk don't trust me cuz i didn't get that from a source.
also remember that rust isn't always the common reddish-orange corrosion you see, so don't categorize all rusted things as reddish orange.
just a tip. cuz there's also a type of rust that's black."
"well. i already got the def for ability to corrode. so they're kind the same?
i'll use wiki later. yeah, i kno about the rust thats black.
dr. clean!"
"yea they are.

Sing to me of the man, Muse, the man of twists and turns driven time and again off course, once he had plundered the hallowed heights of Troy.
So she commanded. He obeyed her, glad at heart. And Athena handed down her pacts of peace between both sides for all the years to come--
the daughter of Zeus whose shield is storm and thunder, yes, but the goddess still kept Mentor's build and voice."
i have clear duct tape. basically, "long lasting packaging tape-clear view"
I wish Burkina Faso had made the World Cup.
uh...why?
Because Burkina Faso is cool.
rusting is corroding though corroding is not always rusting
"http://lmgtfy.com/?q=Science+Olympiad+D ... om+Comment

How do you name a link?"
"Why is everyone suddenly using Let Me Google That For You?

And in regards to the Link, no I'm not"
"Cause its the smart-alack way of saying
JUST GOOGLE IT!
for those that are stupid enough to ask stupid questions..."
"like squares and rectangles.
robodude wrote:
Cause its the smart-alack way of saying
JUST GOOGLE IT!
for those that are stupid enough to ask stupid questions...
hopefully ur not implying anything"
Like yourself? http://scioly.org/phpBB3/viewtopic.php? ... =15#p75524
"play my sporcle!
http://www.sporcle.com/games/Deeisenberg/forests"
yah i know
I lost my soccer game for my team .
"What did you do score an own goal?

That sort of happened to me once it bouced off my foot and the goalie couldn't handle it (we almost lost our undefeated season that day but came back to win and go undefeated for the year)"
"We were playing our biggest rivals, tie game, 10 minutes left. Our best player beat 3 guys in the corner and crossed it to me totally open in front of the net. I squared up a little too much, and I hit it off the top of my head and out of the box, instead of the 2 inches into the net.

EDIT: I lied about losing, we tied. But it felt like a loss."
You're on the 8th grade team. Nobody cares about the 8th grade team, so it doesn't really matter.
"i kno wat u mean.
and deeisenberg. wow, that was hard, i only got like 8 out of 30 countries maybe im just stupid."
I got 15. Wish I had done better.
I took it yesterday when de was showing it to me I forget what I got it was like 17?
How do I enter an answer?
"FAIL

you clikc start quiz--theres an answer box to type in *GASP* if you are right your typing will go away and register on the thing if you are wrong nothing will happen and you have to backspace out your incorrect response"
"I agree. FAIL!
I LOST!
and again, someone else got called the wrong gender
fmtiger? a girl?
lol i knew you weren't one, I was just like... wow."
7
"don't worry.
I barely knew half of those countries.
I said congo like eight times.
but it didnt register...
>.>
I'm freezing cantaloupe!"
"yep

you needed to say Democratic Republoc of the Congo (Thats one country) or Republic of the Congo (thats another country) I got them both"
hehe i failed more than all of you. 5. beat that.
i did that on the color test too.
I win. I guessed 4 before getting bored and quitting. :D
ruler postulate... is the first postulate!
3!!! HAHA
"PLAY MY SPORCLE!!!!!!!!! (please )
http://www.sporcle.com/games/fmtiger124/NoDrinkingAge"
how do you give up on this one? i just want to see the answers.
give up should pop up after like a minute
"PLAY MY SECOND SPORCLE! (please )
http://www.sporcle.com/games/fmtiger124/LowLowPoints

play this one too"
i got a 4 on lowlowpoints.
1+2=4
"2+2=5
for large values of 2"
Noooo!! Thread must be random again! Save us dudeincolorado.
SQUISHY
Win
coffee mug.
"by the powers (what powers?) invested in me as (as what....? hmmmm) I declare dudeincolorado KING OF RANDOMNESS!!
ALL HAIL DUDEINCOLORADO!

fmtiger124 hails"
"I can see Russia from my house!" -Tina Fey as Sarah Palin on SNL
My school's football team is so much better than the rest of the teams in my conference and most of the time the backups play the entire second half of conference games so they get more experience and the team improves for the future and everyone wonders why we're good but there's one of the reasons also our coaches are very good too and i wish our SO and chess teams were this dominant that would be fun I like ice cream it tastes good.
A period, learn to use it

the rice will be ready in one minute.
"Ding! Ding!
Food
Is
Ready!"
My dog seems to prefer chairs, laundry baskets, beds etc. as opposed to the floor
"My dog perfers my hand over her chew sticks...
Good thing shes only 6 pounds!"
"This morning I woke up to the sound of my alarm clock.
Then I fell back asleep.
I dreamed that someone gave me a bag of cookies.
I was so happy that I didn't even wonder who would come into my house at 6 am to give me cookies.
I thought... yes! now i get to sleep in and if i don't get to eat breakfast i can eat cookies on the bus.

I woke up 10 minutes later.
I didn't have any cookies.
I felt extremely disoriented."
I hate it when that happens...
I wanna go to Friendly's (notice no period starpug)
"Yeah no, you're not allowed to quote xkcd, sorry

I always thought that 2 + 2 could equal 5 with bad rounding errors
ex:
2.3 + 2.3 = 4.6
2 + 2 = 5"
There's this one chocolate shop in Arequipa, Peru that's really good.
"Pizzaro conquered Peru or pizza.

Pizzaro --> or pizza!"
The Seattle's Best Coffee in the south lobby of the Seattle Raddison has good muffins.
"This is probably a major contribution to spamming, so I should stop. But posting random stuff is so much fun.

What sound do fish make?"
"glub glup"
All I know is that dolphins say, "So long and thanks for all the fish!"
WHAT? The Vogons are attacking?! Doese anyone know of a man from the near vacinity of Betelgeuse?
Yay for PSAT's tomorrow!
I have mine on Saturday. So you get to take em during school tomorrow? Lucky!!!
"lol. i wish we were like that.
uhh i can't go to friendly's brother works there. he'll be ""embarassed""
five for Fighting's new song has ""american pie"" in it!"
haha, i don't have class thanks to psat's. yayyy
PSAT!
aern't those just a simpler version of the SAT? then i should think it's easy... right? i might be wrong...
"It is a prep test for the SATs

At my school the sophmores get to take the PACTs tomorrow."
ohhh, i get it. thanks. then those are gonna be easyyy.
A week ago i had the best dream ever. No this one didn't have to do with me asking a girl out. Senora Gallegos, the spanish teacher at the school for quite a few years, was back and teaching at the school. than i woke up and was upset cuase i realized that we were stuck with a teacher that people say is a *****. On the pluse side i got to see my favorite spanish teacher today.
tomorrow is HUG AN AZN DAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!! yayyy!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Wat?
I dont have to be at school till 11:05 becuase of PSATs
"PSAT's during the week? I thought they were on Saturday like the SAT...at least they used to be.

I wish we used to get days off for things like that..."
They made PSAT mandatory for soph & juniors in my year; seniors and frosh would have conference/assembly for orientation guidance (frosh) or college guidance (frosh). After the PSAT, there would the regular 10-period schedule, but compressed for the afternoon.
Your pic!!!
"Yes. I changed it. Same pic, different colors.
FOR THE LAST TIME, ITS THE HITCHHIKERS GUIDE TO THE GALAXY!!!"
"You know, yelling and TALKING WITH ANNOYINGLY BIG FONTS doesn't accomplish anything, just makes us look down on you more.

And yuck, you're avatar still looks bad, pick something else.
AND I'M SORRY, WHAT'S WITH YOUR AVATAR AGAIN? IS IT FROM SOME TYPE OF SERIES?"
SUT UP ABOUT MY AVATAR!!!!
"I think the yellow one looked better but its your choice so I don't really care and Random give him a break

anyway
Please STOP talking in font this size"
"Pff give people breaks?

Alright fine, make your avatar whatever you want (the yellow was better though....)"
"Karate didn't like yellow...
Random doesn't like green...
I WILL NOT CHANGE IT AGAIN.
I kinda like green. It's more correct."
I dont like green either 2-1 change it back
"Let's have a vote. In 1 hr I will tally the votes.
vote weather you like Green or Yellow better."
I vote neither:
"Robodude, for the last time, I didn't say it WASN'T from HGTTG, I was just excited that you made the avatar more accurate. Gosh.

I vote for RandomPerson's, but if I can't, then I vote for green as my second choice."
"A return to randomness:

I discussed politics today."
Green or yellow. No black.
i vote green
the official one is in March sometime. look at it in fb
"neither.
i have tennis. and only 2:30 hours to do my hw today. sucks.
are PSAT's hard? because my bro didnt get such a good grade"
There's an official "Hug an Asian" Day? Great, now I need to make sure my friends don't know. (I'm Asian.)
"No matter what you do, don't use that one. It's terrible. Here:



I smoothened it out and took out the marks from compression. Jpegs are best for photographs. If you're trying to get a low file size, use .gif format."
Green and red clash though...And it's just a weird face
^USE NOW
already have
3 is spelled t-h-r-e-e.
3 in french is spelled t-r-o-i-s
is it really? wow...
They now offer them both on a Saturday and on a week day. The school gets to choose which date they want to offer it. My school chose Saturday
Looks like the teeth are rotting away.
well, they're not.
"this thread is NOT random. robodude its ur fault!
jkjk.
bubbles are vrey awesome in a gel-like substance"
oh, well, HAPPY UNOFFCIAL HUG AN AZN DAY!!!
"the cleaned-up green avatar is SO much better.
but one request: can you stop alternating from dif colors and huge and small text? it hurts.
im not emo.
KoL"
"i think i have a better avatar for you robodude


its transparent so no more blue white contrast that gives people headaches"
Yeah the problem there is that you lose the teeth...
"So I've decided on my avatar. I will have this Phillies one most of the week. Then Thursday afternoon I will have Dwight until The Office is over.

Albert Einstein was Time's Most Influential Person of the 20th Century."
"i thought those were braces?
lol.
Archimedes=Win=Eureka=bath tub"
"I can make myself an avatar with a transpart layer...
Dang, people sure are interested in my avatar!"
"My homeroom is THREE TIMES the size of the avaerage homeroom!

In other news, I think I have the flu, maybe H1N1"
oh thats horrible! how sick are you? did you go to school?!
I went to school today, but I don't plan on going tomorrow. All week a ton of kids were sick. I think over 40 people at my school got swine flu, and they sent home a letter saying it was going around.
"YAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAY! Dwight!

Robodude, I think since your avatar is causing such controversy, you should switch it to one of the other covers or just the title of the book or a pic of Douglas Adams or something.

Or, something like this: http://images.allmoviephoto.com/2005_Th ... er_002.jpg"
"no way the movie is TERIBLE!
I hated the movie...
I wont change my avatar ANY MORE
I finaly decided that I like how it looks..."
you spelled terrible and finnally wrong. just saying
you will change your avatar
No comment...
"You also spelled finally wrong.

It's SNOWING!!! In October!! I know it snowed by you sweetcoop but for us here this is EPIC!!"
"He is right it snowing here.

I have to pick up a shovel in October?"
talk about not taking your own advice...
Did anyone else laugh when they first saw the thread "New Members Have Problems"? I thought Jazzy was talking about spam .
Welcome to the club
"Ugh. I have so much homework. I hate homework because it doesn't really accomplish anything other than waste time.

I was confused. As usual."
Yeah but in a town 30miles away from me it snows year round.
"its like 95 degrees down here in Texas...

But in Texas, there are two seasons:
Hot, and Very Hot.
And if you don't like the weather, wait 10 minutes, and it'll change."
"homework=life=SO
robodude wrote:
its like 95 degrees down here in Texas...

But in Texas, there are two seasons:
Hot, and Very Hot.
And if you don't like the weather, wait 10 minutes, and it'll change.
that's not just TX u kno."
I'm eating dulce de leche ice cream right now. yum dum da dum.
"thats so good! and creme brule.
its too cold for ice cream.

i like non-shiny things. anti-crow like."
i've never had creme brule. it's on my list of things i want to try someday, along with dumplings, which strangely i have never tried, even though i'm from asia. but i'm not from a part of asia that eats dumplings, so...
WAT??!??!?! no dumplings? actually, won tons pwn more.
"ever had actual dulce de leche cuchufli? they're sort of like those wafer straw things, except with actual manjar in it *drools*

edit: a clarification - manjar is dulce de leche"
true dat, they're my fave! I had dumplings foe dinner two nights ago
"this morning. with soy sauce. beat that. pan fried.

I have a bullseye on my leg!
it goes: blue-ish, red, then pale yellow as the center."
"well i used to have a heart-shaped injury from 3 weeks ago.
it's healing though... it's like an unidentifiable blob"
I have a plaid hair clip. yes. i am a girl
Omg! well then!same with me too, just not in the morning!
"I love pan fried dumplings.
Last year during french class i tried creme brule. The kids who made it didn't do a good job. Me and my partner made creme puffs with chocolate...mmmmm...sooo good."
there hard to make at home. good ones usually have blow-torched tops. i think thats hard to do at home.
There's going to be a movie for the hunger games! (i might be late with the news, but i'm so excited)
"Yaragas mineine? Loam a ttaka tuooolu.

Beluga Whale.

In other news, it has been randomly determined that the glass is 1/2 full, not 1/2 empty for you pessimists."
yes, won tons are wayy better.
Yeah it is 5 min for the weather to change here in Colorado and that change can be from 60 degree weather to 10 degrees below zero with it snowing.
I KNOW I CAN"T WAIT!!!!
"i just had a cheese-garlic biscuit. yum!
continues chewing: nom nom nom..."
There are currently 666 redirects for the old forum.
OMG SINCE WHEN?! WHEN IS IT COMING OUT?
I like run on sentences run on sentences make me happy becuse they're so cool even though starpug likes periods but oh well you can't win them all I guess
I've had wontons before. I don't see why everyone thinks they're THAT great. I mean, they taste good and stuff, but I don't see why everyone's so obsessed with them. But, I do have a cool fact for ya. Won ton backwards is not now! AHH! So amazing!
try them fresh, and handmade. amazing. not frozen
Somebody join trivia
I love run on sentences too because I think they're the best thing ever and I also enjoy reading them and using them and my English teacher said the other day that one of his honors English 12 students wrote an entire paragraph that was just one sentence and I'm not even joking even thought that is pretty sad. I can see how people are annoyed by them though.
What wontons are little packets of deliciousness.
i am playing requiem for a dream on my violin i feel awsome
Grr, I envy you, requiem for a dream is an awesome song, that unfortunately has been waaaay overused.
"yea but it is still fun to play
here is some fairly decent music for violin requiem for a dream

have to do some messing around near the end
as soon as i find some music editing software i will post a version i plan to edit for violin"
Yeah see what you mean, for most of it the piano version is fine if you play teh upper half, but the ending will have to be improvised.
"You know what i find funny and this was on Febuary 21 of this year that this happened.

I find it funny when you are half asleep taking notes on a boring subject and your cell phone goes of and you get a million texts that say the following in the same matter as if they were fwd ed.
anyway here is the message

CORBIN TOOK STATE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Here is an article to follow along with this message.
http://www.9news.com/sports/article.aspx?storyid=110529"
when in doubt C4
Woo action packed day!
"Here is what i did for Requiem for a dream
Requiem for a Dream"
I ate poptarts this morning!!!!!!! WHOO-HOOO!!!!!!!!!!
Poptarts are good, particularly those Smores ones...
Yeah I know! The brown sugar cinnamon ones are good too.
Just got back from the PSAT. I thought it was pretty easy. I didn't know it had no essay that made me happy
"? I thought you said you weren't going to be able to take the PSAT?

hmm maybe i should've taken it this year.... *shrugs*"
My doctors appointment got canceled so I got to take it
anybody here doing ornithology?
Yes...
"yeah...

(hint*hint*most ppl on the birds thread do birds)"
i figured. i was just wondering.
"? fed-ex guy saved my brother's life.
I all fed-ex people now!"
how?
"he lost his wallet after a basketball game in madison square garden. parents freaked
they were all like:
and I was like:
and my brother:"
"Oh I thought you meant like literally. He's pretty lucky!
I love how the leaves haven't even changed color yet and it's already snowing really hard out."
It's already snowing there? Wow. We're just cold and rainy down here.
same here i heard some place in pa got 5.9 inches of snow...
Wow that's rather insane for October. Usually in NY we get tons of snow due to lake effect from Lake Ontario, but so far we've gotten nothing
"its great in texas atm

but we never get any snow so

time to work on Comp this"
Hi-chew is delicious.
"yeh not literally, that would hav been more amazing
Zweebna wrote:
Hi-chew is delicious.
so true. hi chew.

lol. going away on wednesday and coming bak friday!"
whats hi chew?
this http://lmgtfy.com/?q=hi-chew
HI-CHEW MUDDA pigeon
"Hi-Chew.

Best food invented since sliced bread AND butter."
Does anyone know how to figure compound interest when the rate given is per month? My math homework is confusing me...
"Isn't it I=Prt?

And then Compound Interest is just I + P."
"This is the way we learned it:

P= principal (amount you put in to start)
A= total amount in account
r= interest rate (APR)
n= # of times compounded in 1 year
t= time in years

Therefore, A= P(1+(r/n))^tn

So, if the interest rate was 1.5% per month, would the equation be A=P(1+(.015/12))^t(12)?"
"Well, if you plug in the numbers like that, then yeah.

You might wanna ask someone else to be sure, math isn't exactly one of my strong points."
"Okay, 'cause I was getting weird answers and I couldn't figure out what I did wrong.

Still, can anyone confirm for certain?"
"im pretty sure.
not 100% though"
"Here's a math question:

What are the odds that you will get this question right?

Hmm"
0, unless someone helps me.
it sounds/looks right
That's correct.
Okay, thanks!
"john steinbeck.

i just noticed robodude's new avatar=failURE."
yea he changed it back to the bad one.......why isn't he using Zweebna's version?
I am butterfly pigeon off cause my US history teacher is failing me cause he didn't grade my project.
"im wondering that...
and also..
avis' avatar is close to someone else's that I remember. who is it?"
The name began with an "A". I forget exactly what it is, but I would know it if i saw it.
"same.
CONTRAPOSITIVE!"
OMG! 31 DAYS, 3 HOURS, AND 23 MINUTES LEFT TILL THE NEW MOON MOVIE!!!! YAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAY I CANT WAIT!!!!
You must be a Twilight Series Fan.
Has anyone told R-Pats he needs a shower yet?
New Moon is going to disappoint you just as much as Twilight did because that series really sucks (pun intended). There can't possibly be a good movie derived from such a horrible book.
Hey, guys, just maybe, Avis and Aslla are the same person.
"hmm...no kidding!!! and gw?! I already pre-ordered the new moon official soundtrack!!!! it's great!

and the newest trailer was good so I'm hoping that this movie will be better than the twilight movie. the twilight movie sucked compared to the book. oh, and tomorrow, for debate club, were debating Harry potter vs Twilight an I'm on the harry potter side. it really stinks, I hate Harry potter. I know nothing about it either."
I think you should read it before you judge it.
ZOMFG INORITE???!?!??!?!?! TEH VAMPIRS SPRKLE!!!!!!!
You made a new account?
First I did, then the Moderator merged the accounts for me. =]
I'm at home sick.
I double the count.
and you made a new one why?
he got tired of the old one.
..."fickle" is my middle name
Once I owned an orange named Pickle Jr. Jr.
im not going to be here...tomorrow...or the day after...or for most of the day after!!! im going to be on a mountain living in a cabin climbing ripes and poles and taking hikes and maybe trying out the riflery range...
Lucky. I'm going to...be bored.
...30 more days!
until...
Doi, New Moon!!
My school cafeteria has become Nazi Germany and I don't even want to explain how right now, it's that bad.
"Harry potter is awesomer.
Today, my friend was like ""the dark mark is on the left arm? not the right?""
me: *casually rolls up sleeves ""hmm it must have washed off in the shower""
her face: O______o"
"Pleadies I see that you've changed your division to C.

I guess this means you found a way to get a team?"
wow how could there not be a "soccer" option for this poll? http://scioly.org/phpBB3/viewtopic.php? ... 44&start=0
"Soccer is totally European, as such it has no place on an American poll.

EDIT: I happen to play myself, but that's beside the point."
"you really expect to say that and not get questioned on here?

how has it become Nazi Germany??"
Well, the cheeseburgers at our school seem to be fake. And slightly toxic.
tengo hambre. (y no quiero las hamburguesas de tu escuela XD)
Careful, you might be offending some of the Europeans on here...
"Lo siento, pero muchas personas en scioly.org no hablan el espanol. Hablas ingles, por favor.

Just kidding You'd die about 3 bites into the ""haburguesas"""
no no me gusta nada los hamburguesas esta bien para la salud y esta muchos problemos para tu digestión
"I'm not doing to well in Spanish right now...
What are you saying?"
i take french but i'll take a guess: ... (1st part didnt kno at all) The Hamburgers are better than the salad but it causes more problem with your digestion?
no i dont like, the hambergures are good for you heath y are(be) many(much) problems for your digestion
"i haven't eaten any hamburgers since third grade anyway (we stopped eating most beef during the mad cow scare, and never started again )
salud means health not salad XD"
"don't we all love having to stay up till 1 am for essays that we know we should have started two weeks ago? *falls over dead, is revived by teacher who yells to go finish it already*

edit: whoops, sorry. so sleep deprived, didn't notice my double post."
ive done that.
Me too.
"Sometimes I get so lost in thought that I accidently double post too.
Don't worry chia, everyone does it!"
Did you purposely double post here?
Yes
technically, you should have started them over 6 weeks ago, and if the teacher yells at you, it most likely your fault for procrastinating... and her fault for assigning something you can procrastinate on so much
Ah, the internet. Such a wretched distraction.
"Ahh it is that time of the year already

Yes i am talking about the time of snow.

Well for my town anyway"
I have just been assigned a project on fractals and i saw a lot of really neat ones today...!
Very cool, but I don't see how its a fractal
Yeah me neither.
That's because it's not :\
how can you tell??
"maybe you should redo that project...
or at least study some more!"
"ummm all i did was type fractal into google images and admire their beauty.
but i eventually have to print out a computer-generated fractal when i stop procrastinating. so would this not count? and why...?"
"Fractals are pictures that, when zoomed in on, are a reduced image of itself ie you could zoom in for infinity and keep seeing (somewhat of) the same picture.
simple:
http://mathworld.wolfram.com/Fractal.html
complex:
http://www.coolmath.com/fractals/fractals_lesson.html
there are some REAL examples at the bottom."
Exactly. They go on and on and on.
"like this one?
http://hq.dpics.org/12__Julia_Highlight ... ctals.htm#"
"Yeah, that's a fractal, I think. The white lines may not be, but that's closer than the cat. It's basically a graph on the complex number plane. This is for calculus, right?

This guy has some good videos on fractals:
http://www.youtube.com/user/fractalmath

You may want to google, ""julia set."" Some artists call things fractals when they have symmetry similar to fractals, but are not necessarily fractals.

fractal
fractal
not a fractal. well, kinda. whatever.
fractal-esque demotivational poster


Or I could be completely wrong. But, hey, I might not be!"
3000TH POST!!!!! YAY FOR LOTS OF SPAM!!!
"umm...
that one labeled ""not a fractal"" IS a fractal. Its just a 3D fractal, put into a 2D image.
See how the shell appears over and over again? Yah. 3D fractal."
Yeah, I probably could've found a better "not a fractal" example. But you can't really mathematically map a 3D fractal, so it's probably just really fractal-ish. I don't know. I hope people got the idea nonetheless.
"Yea thanks guys for all your help!
I really appreciate it"
"np
now you've spiked my interest in fractals!"
2012 apocalypse is a myth!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
2012 is actually the end of days, not the end of the world.
True, but techinacally the world ends every second and starts anew, because once you do something all you have left are memories.
"Um.. That's.. philisophical...

But the Myan callendar doesn't say ""The world will end on December 21, 20012!!!""
It just... stops. December 21, 2012 is the last day that they wrote down on the callendar."
"I personally think if Mayans were still around they would throw a party and make a new calendar. Just because they include solar eclipses in their calendar doesn't mean when it ends, the world will end.

I heard the guy who said his son was in a runaway balloon wanted money to build a bunker for 2012"
"When was the last time the Myans were right?
they worshiped 20 different gods of sun and wind, and sacrificed kids to make it rain!
I'm sure they aren't right about the end of the world."
No, cause they have stuff predicted for things in like 4000.
We've made a lot of stupid topics in the Haven forum.
"Correct. According to some astrologers, it's the end of the Age of Pisces and the beginning of the Age of Aquarius. Others say the Age of Aquarius doesn't start until 2600.

How do I know this? Wikipedia and The Da Vinci Code.

Also, one Mayan king predicted his second coming would be past 2012, so it makes no sense that the world would end then. Therefore, all arguments based on the fact that the Mayan calendar ends in 2012 are now full of holes.

Continuing the theme, did you know that the Mayans correctly predicted the arrival of Hernando Cortez to the New World in the 1500s?"
"They probaly didn't say ""some guy named Hernando Cortez will come in 1500"".
If you say something is a prediction of the future but word it strangley, it will eventualy come true.
Like I could say:

""When the great ball of fire falls,
the Great Rock will split and Death will follow soon.""
Yes, I just made that up off the top of my head.
If time is infinate, then EVENTUALLY, millions of years in the future, this will come true.

But what the Myans said about a god comming back to them in the form of a white man with a beard and strange animals (horses).
So, when they saw Cortez, they thought ""WHITE MAN WITH BEARD AND CREATURES!"" Its a god!
So they welcome him, and THAT is what helped him to conquer their empire."
yup, I remembered! I remembered to update my signature!
No, i didn't know that...
"you should have
jk"

Mean
I thought that trick was so old that everyone would know about it. I didn't think either one, let alone both of them would fall for it.
LOL!
"lolz.
or you could say ""whatever you do, don't hit alt-f4""
and people will do it."
"hay guise, to fix ur prblms run cmd prmpt and tipe deltree c:\ lolololololollololo












...don't do that.."
"Ok i just thought of something funny about my school.
First off we had ideas of our gym having the following quote that you would see as you entered the Gym. The Christian schools would not have liked it very much
""Welcome to hell, elevation 8000 feet.""

Also you know the saying ""When hell freezes over"" well two years ago Hell froze over twice. Well when we get a big snow storm here we could say that ""hell has frozen over"""
Methionylthreonylthreonylglutaminylarginyltyrosylglutamylserylleucylphenylalanylalanylglutaminylleucyllysylglutamylarginyllysylglutamylglycylalanylphenylalanylvalylproly
And that means...
"I got evil alien monster tattoos on my wrists today. (""fall festival"" at my high school)
I feel as if my awesomeness has just soared up.

...lol"
I declare this the funniest post of all time.
looks like you've never read the beginning of this thread ^that is the funniest
"I never realized the Bushisms in fmtiger's signature were all quotes from President Bush
I knew the ""Is our children learning?"" one was, but I read Bushisms as a weird word to mean stupid things people have said. I fail"
where has dude gone? He always made me laugh!
I learned that some people can be really immature when they are asked to remove their hat. This kid freaked out cause he was asked to remove his hat. I know now that not all homeschooled students are as mature as i thought they were.
The main disease that Gambian giant pouch rats spread is monkeypox.
Iowa Hawkeyes are still undefeated with an epic win with 2 seconds left on the clock
"Anyways, new relationships among friends always seem to surprise me...

(Though that may just be because of how oblivious I am)"
I think he's still around...not posting as much though.
Yeah...i have lots of homework to do today.
me too!
i haven't started my LA homework. I haven't even finished the social studies essay question.
My mom has a green car
Interesting. My mom has a silver car...
"Is your avatar a fractal?

EDIT: Googly, quit jumping in front of my posts!
I was talking to the guy above you."
Uh...no. It's a frog.
I WAS TALKING TO OXFORDCREW!!!!
"Oh lord, robodude goes in with the all caps again.

To newbies everywhere, please ignore him."

Why ? They don't need to see spam and things like that. If they see that, then they think it's totally natural to write in all caps and have excessive punctuation.
CHAOS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
mmm I'm more chaotic neutral.
"I really wish i could go back to almost 4 years ago and have things happen differently. After today i came up with the best quote in the world, in my opinion

""Life is a rollercoster but some times there are a few extra twists thrown in, My life is the rollercoaster that has a twist thrown in every day.""

Also it is possible to be angry about something and sad about something different at the same time."
"Why 4 years ago sweetcoop?

If I could go back and change things... well I'd probably go back to this past june... personal reasons of course."
"Here's a sample program I used for proof-of-consept. Pretty much I want to color every pixel on the screen a specific color, but for this exemple its the same color. Each sprite is 1x1 pixel. Does anyone see anything missing? It was written in C++ with the Dark GDK, if anyone knows it.

When I play it, the screen is completely black, but the color I chose is green.
Anyone know why?"
Cause that would be before my TaeKwon-Do Instructor moved to Texas than i would not have to got through the **** that i am going through right now. pluse i could do better in school than i did my freshmen and sophmore years.
Sorry Robodude, not my fault. We keep posting at the same time.
"LAlalalalalalalala

Singing a song"
"Happy Birthday Robotman!!!!!
Also, on a side note, I will probably be in division C this year cause I think I will join our high school team due to the fact that they have a better chance of being really good and that the middle school coaches are both not coaching this year."
"I found out today that my town is situated in what use to be Mexico.

Even worse is that it is the part that later becam Texas. NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
blah
Any good books?
Good randomness. You never seem this random at school. Good job! Nanananalalalala glalala.
http://www.scioly.org/phpBB3/viewtopic.php?f=4&t=1422
I officially hate alice (the computer program)
yeah im unbanned!!!!
im back again though on a very tight leash
Meaning?
I have a 3-week trial and if i have changed my posting style i can stay on if understand the deal correcltly
Yay? DS really...?
"Uh... oh... 2 of them at once...
No more of this okay 49ers? link
In other news, I have finally done well one one of my math tests, yaharr!"
What two at once?
I believe he means 2 what are in his opinion major spammers---robodude and 49ers not sure though
What? He was the last poster of all of the games.
On the whole page...That's scary. (Mostly "Spammy")
No actually that was a photoshopped image (stolen from the first page of the What's wrong with this picture thread), purposely embellishing the truth.
"what? i'm not a major spammer...
at leat I try not to be...
but i'm better than i was at the beggining"
"My point remains...
Edit: Well you deleted the latter, but you were a double poster at first"
49ers, have you been checking the site constantly since you've been banned?
"that was a mistake! i fixed that!
I hit ""Quote"" when I ment to hit ""Edit""!"
"Haha yeah I knew you didn't mean to do that,

but the irony was hilarious for that minute there XD"
I'm happy because our high school SO, which I decided to do this year, handed out rules today! I'm glad they start decently early compared to our MS.
"lol

Let's let 49ers actually prove he's still a spammer before we jump all over him, okay? But that's funny.

Oh wait, this is a random thread, not the 49ers thread...

I love that Stroudsburg, our archrival, has to wear clothes that are maroon for the dress code they have. And plus we're not restricted like that, meaning we're not forced to wear purple."
When i say this it may sound strange for this time of the year but i think i may get a snow day tomorrow.
"We thought we were going to get a ""rain day"" today.
mainly because in french the loudspeaker goes
""TEACHERS DON'T LET YOUR STUDENTS OUT. KEEP THEM IN THIRD PERIOD UNTIL FURTHER ANNOUNCEMENT!""
then peoples were like ""EARLY DISMISSAL!!!!!!!!!"" even though it didn't happen.

... once we got early dismissal because of a water main break"
SCIENCE OLYMPIAD STARTS SOON IN MY SCHOOL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"In physics today I was bored because we were studying displacement, velocity, acceleration etc etc.
So i thought of rhyming insult-thingamagigs.

on a d vs. t graph, what shows velocity?
It's slope, you dope!

The area under a curve on an a vs. t graph shows a change in what?
Obviously velocity, you horrible atrocity!

The slope of a curve on a v vs t graph shows what?
Horrendous abomination, don't you know acceleration!?"
"Ok so Sci Oly has already started for me.

Heck Yes i got a snow day tomorrow."
YOU HAVE SNOW ALREADY!!!!???????
Yep i pratically snows from october to may where i live.
cm=complete fun....!
DANG!!! We're lucky if we even get a little bit of it on the ground for a couple of hours!!!!
Wow! Your just starting SCIOLY? we got an email fom our coach saying to start studing at the beggining of August, almost a month before school started. We formed our A team at the end of last year!
Yeah, well, that was being behind for us. Beckendorff had four meets over the summer.
"REALLY? then what is on schedule for us? 5 meetings over the summer?
We have to beat them."
no actually i couldnt because i got my ip adress banned too...
Good Morning America said that there was 19 inches of snowfall in my town with more expected today.
wow.. thats harsh. what did you do to make the admins so mad?
He was an incredibly active spammer, and used a lot of smileys and caps and etc.
that sounds like robodude
Yeah I watched that this morning! I immediately thought of dudeincolorado. Where is dude nowadays?
hiding from people on the board
"read past posting games threads.

AMERICAN PIE.
I LOST"
"I think that dude is still around. I talk to him on Facebook alot.

so i bet you can figure out the name of my town if you watched Good Morning America."
Facebook took dudeincolorado away from scioly.org.
I managed to be a very active facebooker/farmer while still using scioly quite a bit. I guess all that means is that I have absolutely no life at all. I think the fact that Scioly is my homepage helps.
I do both, yet neither is my homepage. Pleiades, that should go under "You know you've been in scioly too long..."
"hah. same.
SWAGBUCKS FTW!"
FTW?
"For
The
Win"
"Oh. ok.
You should update the METAR in your sig"
i acually need to code an auto updater
You can do that?
im not quite sure if it would run on the board i first have to go throught and code it though
"WOW.
^ and no, that doesn't stand for anything."
The view of a 49ers post still strikes fear into my heart
"Deja vu...

I currently have 333 posts."
"No, you have 1025 posts!!!
That means that you are (about) 33% useful!

Speaking about being useful, would it be bad if I chimed in on an event that I'm not competing in?"
I don't get this.
WOA! I've made 42 useful posts! AWESOME!!!
"Really any post that isn't in the general chat is tabbed as ""useful"" whether it is, or isn't.
I'm not saying that you don't have 42 useful, which I'm sure you do."
19 yea yea
"Muhahaha, 5! Beat that!

(It should be starting to go up rapidly very soon however, as I'm finally going to start studying)"
Same here, but interest meetings for events haven't started as of yet.
i had multiple accounts
whats that mean?
Today's Halloweeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeen
Happy Halloween, y'all! I'm enjoying Science Olympiad practice and trying to come up with an awesome costume. Got any good science-based dress-up ideas?
"sweetcoop you might like this

""One hand on steering wheel, yelling obscenities, the other hand waving gun out the window and firing repeatedly, keeping a careful eye out for landmarks along the way so as to be able to come back and pick up any bullets that didn’t hit other motorists so as not to litter: Colorado resident on spotting a car with Texas plate.""
from Here"
My fishies on fish tycoon need to stop dying.
Guess.
"That is funny


Dang windows media player will not let me sync music from my GN'R Lies album to my player. This sucks."
"Just do it manually?

Windows Media Player is terrible. Even worse than iTunes, which I don't like either."
i got it solved.
I think it's funny that both North and South Korea made the World Cup.
why? should be interesting if they play--wonder if people would skew it into a political match up
I love itunes.
"Just got back from trick or treating with my friends (as pirates and ninjas)

Had fun kicking their arses in stick wars, locking fmtiger's sister in a closet, etc.

(also you're a buttface for not coming tiger )"
wait what?
"Just saying, I was the Texas chainsaw massacre guy
People gave me a pretty wide berth when they found out that my chainsaw was real (but unplugged and taped over)"
caramello is my new fav chocolate.
I don't like chocolate.
Every one drinks coffee! Even little kids in Mexico drink coffee!!!!! HAHAHA
Of course! Your a bird!
My dog doesn't like chocolate. Actually, he probably has never had chocolate. Wouldn't it kill him?
White chocolate wont, but any other type, in excess, will. Any amount of chocolate will make your dog sick.
Well then, my dog doesn't like mandarin oranges.
I was reading some of my earlier posts today, and I just realized how much of an incredible spammer I used to be.
What does the little green triangle that's near my avatar mean?
That you are currently online.
Oh. That's good to know.
Anyone notice that scioly hasn't corrected their clocks for Daylight Savings? Right now its only 6:43, not 7:43!
"That is because you have to change it your self. It is right for me.
it says that it is 6:19 on the board and my computer says 6:19"
I hate the Yankees so much...
Me too. The Phillies HAVE to win today
"I got absolute last chair in our concert seats in orchestra today

I always hate how due to bad luck, I get bad grades. Last year for a violin solo festival (NYSSMA if you want to know specifically) I got 4 points less than a girl in the same lesson group, who I now didn't try nearly as hard as me (I even had to show her how to play the ending of the song the day before) but I got an evil judge."
aww so sorry to hear! better luck next time...
your new avatar sucks. change it back!
I will on November 20 something, after the movie is out.
oh BUTTERFLY BUTTERFLY BUTTERFLY Syracuse's best receiver just quit the team for no apparent reason........ BUTTERFLY BUTTERFLY BUTTERFLY--even when things are looking up they just have to come crashing back down don't they.....
"YAH I KNOW WHAT WAS WRONG!!!
I just had my \'s backwards...
The smallest thing can bring the biggest programs crashing down..."
How did you expect to get 800+ posts?
"hahahahaha. nice.
EAGLES WON. and YANKEES WON. yay."
Haha, touche.
Too bad. Odds are they're gonna win. There's no way the Phillies will win, what, 3 more games...?
lol. probs. but they'll put a good fight.
Yeah, I guess you can always rely on the Phillies to put on a good fight.
No, the Phillies are gonna win. This is what's supposed to happen. We're gonna have a dramatic comeback, win it in 7 games, and rub the trophy in Steinbrenner's face in Yankee Stadium.
Eh...
"lol.... thats a big FAILIURE

But yes, I've had it happen where I forgot an 'n' in the titling of a method (paint vs. pait), which messed up a whole part of my program... yet it didn't cause an error.
My teacher actually had to go over it line by line to find it."
Plus, Lee is pitching tonight.
I don't really watch sports (I have no idea who the butterfly this "Lee" is), but on the news this morning it said the Phils have won one game and the Yankees have won three. So I'm taking it that the Yankees are gonna win, and the Phillies will lose.
did you honestly not know that until this morning
No. i told you, i dislike sitting in front of the tv for hours watching people play sports. i mean, people have SEEN the sport played before but all of a sudden get riled up for a period of time for no particular reason. It's impossible to understand why. I mean, if you like seeing people play so much, why don't you just go play yourself?!
cuz pro players are just so much better than us. lol. but ur right its sometimes more fun to play.
I didn't mean to say that people who watch it are bad or anything. I was just saying, I, personally, do not prefer to watch sports. Sorry if anyone took that to heart.
Woohoo...dual booting Windows XP x86 and Windows 7 x64. Cost me a total of $7.95, which actually didn't cost me anything. I love college.
Best song, ever.
"God, I hate that song. >.>

Also, just upgraded to 9.10."
I was not aware that there was a song by that title.
Best remain that way. No need to taint your ears.
I'm waiting for the Google OS to come out- everything made by Google is the best.
Don't listen to it. Please don't listen to it.
"But also the most inappropriate song too...
andrewwski wrote:
I was not aware that there was a song by that title.
ASHER ROTH!!!"
I disagree here...Please buy it off of iTunes...It's been a really influential cultural piece.
"Hmm, that guy is a rapper, right?

He came to my school a few weeks ago.

I didn't go and had no desire to.

I don't see how one could consider a simple song that's probably not even a year old to be an influential cultural piece."
Yes hes a Jewish rapper!
It's influential in parental internet blocks:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VRVFfgoIKcg
"""That party last night was awfully crazy, I wished we taped it...""
I know that song."
I am such a chat noob. i couldn't figure out how to change my nickname cause i was too lazy to log on. Fmtiger can confirm this.
"I was about to write the next line, but realized that I probably shouldn't.
MLIA"
Yeah, I was about to write it too. Then I remembered what the line was.
YLIA too
OMFG SAME!!! I WAS GOING TO ALSO!!!!! BEFORE ALL OF YOU.
The Caps Lock key is to the left of your 'A' key.
lol
nice, denmarksoccer
His usual ownage.
"Thanks, I hate those who utilize the caps lock
*cough*robodude*cough*"
WhAt AbOuT tHiS?
WhAt AbOuT iT?????
nO NeED tO SPaM
"Yeah I dislike that too

Also... he he he, I got this message today, I think I win
http://i36.tinypic.com/317idn9.png"
Why'd you get that?
"Congrats...you and 49ers should start a club.

EDIT: That doesn't disconcert you at all?"
Hehe no, I'm not banned, I tried to access the boards with a proxy
my toe is all red near the nail area. cut it too deep.
"au contraire it will be hard to beat my ban

My ban"
Hehem gh? Please?
Pleiades feels left out. Ok so I know that's not a real ban, but it's all I got
Lol, did you photoshop that?
No, for April Fool's day, all exalted members were changed into banned members.
nope it was part of a mods april fools joke--there used to be a feedback thread but it's gone

I like yankee candles
I say you follow that request and then conveniently "forget" to unban him
"I ask gh because I don't think bah, andrewwski, zeke, or SL hate me enough (Although maybe Zeke for the Phils), and DS has told me that he doesn't have the attention span to spell my name.

EDIT: Because I left him off the list, I can guarantee that it will be eak."
does anyone else have a google wave account yet?
no
"I'm the only real user on the entire site right now-the rest are bots and guests
I feel all alone..."
YAH! I finaly broke 60 posts! See, I AM good for something other than spamming, which I have been trying to keep under controll!
You are?
I'm 10 times more usefull than you, so be quiet.
"My usefulness = irrelevant

I always dislike it when people use the ""Hey you shouldn't be talking...."" argument, its really not a valid grounding for a counterargument, as the opposing person's case is almost never relative to your own.
Besides, I'm sure a good 2/3 of that is spam"
Actualy, that number is ONLY usefull posts. I will admit, however that my TOTAL (including stuff in general chat AND team forums) is at 555. But now you cant use it against me, cause I admited it.

Now I have 61, but it was funy that I had 42 since my sig is a Douglas Adams quote, and so is my location, and my avatar is THGTTG.
Can you also admit that you can't spell admitted?
"Yeh, shure, watever.
Yes that was intentional"
"Yeah... I meant 2/3 of your weighted posts were spam.

Case in point: Please stop using caps for emphasis... it doesn't convey emphasis... rather annoyance (if you must, then use italics).

Edit: Anyways you get the point I'll remove it now"
really? did you just do that for my amuzement? you need to get your own life and get out of mine
"*cringes*

Ouch."
Robodude... your spam is annoying.
i love fish filet
Amen.
everybody needs to go take a chill pill, okay? *cough*robodude*cough*RandomPerson52*cough*
"Yeah I do apologize robodude, that was a little uncalled for on my behalf.

And now to finish up english homework.joy."
Yah, I'm trying to cut back on spam. I'm definetly not as bad as I was when I first started..
493/555 > 2/3
"im eating texas toast for breakfast.
awesome!
matsui."
i'm chewing gum... double mint...
way to post a hypocritical comment
"dangit sewforlife! you always screw up my life!
FOR ONCE, why can't you just let me get away with my murde- ...miraculous mishappenings!?!!




...heehee"
"lololol.
that's my name: screwpeopleupforlife"
Well it is "your daily random comment" isn't it?
"actually, i meant his spam everywhere.
and why is this being brought back again?
he'll come back to yell at me for saying that ...in caps -shudder-

lolz screwpeopleupforlife, i've cleverly hidden away the dead bodies.
Solid evidence is gone... and whose word will they take? yours? or mine? i believe i win.





...the game!"
or worse robodude may post in italic caps
My team won our math meet by a whopping 30something points today!
"congratz!

i have viva la vida stuck in my head... which is weird cuz it's an old song... randomness
KAZAM!!! MAZAK!!! ZYZZVAWOQNYTOPLAPPDOILEZEDEZ! -more gibberish-"
it's not that old....it's a good song!
"songs are never ""old""
puh-lease
secrets. it has awesome cello"
I have a science test on Monday. What fun!
I'm playing that in my school orchestra.
I generally don't call a song old until it's at least 10 years old, unless it feels like longer. I don't like how a lot of people call a song old after 6 months though, that's kind of overdoing it.
"So you call all of the music that i listen to old.
Actually the music i listen to is old."
"ok fine... i guess it isn't old.
sorry i just remember it came out when i was in 7th grade and now i'm freshmen
i guess it felt old because i haven't thought about it for some time now. and spontaneously,
for some reason i can't explain, i am humming the song like in 7th grade, but that was when i ruled the world...."
"or one month. unless it has a good reason. like you belong with me. it's just REALLY overplayed.
i have no school today and tom"
Me too!
"I used to (roll the dice) really like love story by taylor swift
but a lot of people sang it over and over (feel the fear in my enemys eyes)
and i'd listen (as the crowd would sing) as the radio played it four times in one day. bleh...
another song i used to hear all the time on the radio was Fall for You - secondhand serenade.
But now (the old king is dead) not as much anymore. (long live the king!)

EDIT: am i annoying anyone..."
"I got a 100 on a chem test today.

Granted it was simple equation making (not even balancing equations) but I'm surprised I didn't make a small mistake somewhere along the line."
"good job!

i got a 99 on my physics test.
optimistic view: yay! pretty good.
pessimistic view: agggghhhh so close. it's ...not perfect!"
"Realist: Its a grade

points of view are cool



(I have this shirt btw)"
"lol
where can I get the shirt?"
"despair.com
YES! assassinator hasn't started yet.
and i'll be home all day.. lalalala.
checking every three seconds."
"HA! We have early dismissal today (end of 6 weeks), so I get out of here in an hour!
My goal? first officer. I will NOT miss out of this one!"
"end of 6 weeks? what?
might be designing an SO shirt."
"is designing a SO shirt. should I do:

front:
................[Mascot]
[Name of School]
Science Olympiad [Science related picture]

and leave the rest blank.

or:

................[Mascot]
[Name of School]
Science Olympiad [Science related picture]
SO in big fancy centered letters?"
Yah, in our district, our year is divided into 6 sets of 6 weeks. at the end of each 6 weeks we get out about 4 hours early, and get our report card the following week.
wow. weird. soob, i like the DNA and the planet thing that u had before.
"HA TO BOTH OF YOU! THE GAMES NOT UP YET SO ALL OF US HAVE A SHOT TO GET IN AT THE MOMENT (unless you live on the west coast or mountain time)

(that was way too much fun to do )

on another note we finished math class early and our teacher let us play whack a mole on the smart board--it was quite fun"
I really want to see a smart board in action some day. I've hear they're pretty cool and I saw one at the school we competed at once.
they are the COOLEST thing EVER! they're soooo much fun. and my Texas History teacher let me make a whole presentation for the Smart board, then I was able to present it to about 3 other classes... and they are the best thing ever.
"They're cool but only really good if you know how to use them properly and all of the little tricks (aka a math teacher and some science teachers) the kids know more about how to use them than most teachers and typically have to teach them stuff.
robodude wrote:
they are the COOLEST thing EVER! they're soooo much fun. and my Texas History teacher let me make a whole presentation for the Smart board, then I was able to present it to about 3 other classes... and they are the best thing ever.
its not hard to make a presentation on a smart board........"
"our robotics teacher seems like she knows how to use it well, but she chooses not to.
smart boards are pretty beast."
Some teachers at our school have smart boards, but others have Mimios, which pretty much do the same thing except you can draw on them and Mimios can fold and are portable. When out, they're only about 6 inches wide and 2 feet long, and you just have to put them on a white board and you're good. They're really cool.
"That's like the funniest t-shirt I have ever seen.

Try these:

http://www.bustedtees.com/secondamendment

http://www.zazzle.com/evolution_stop_fo ... 5702728538

http://www.graphictease.com/wp-content/ ... r_fact.jpg"
"try anything from despair.com
if ur intelligent enough you should be able to figure out the joke. lol
our smart boards can be drawn on.
and one of the teachers has a really modern projector, that can show in black and white and show shadows and other effects. very cool"
大家好！我今天要讲的 ”daily random comment” 是 。。。
I like ALL Taylor swift.
"ftr, that shirt was from Despair if you didn't notice...

I also have the government shirt from Despair, its quite funny.

another good one is:


and i recently bought this from shirt.woot, still waiting for it to come in the mail"
is anyone elses chat not working? mine comp disconnected me like it sometimes does, then I checked to see if the internet was up it was--and chat still wont load....guess I should restart my comp and see what happens
"You want funny shirts? THIS is the place to get them! Hilarius! But I do like some of the other ones.
lotsa shirts"
"I dunno, I'm able to get into it fine, but this may not be just you, currently there are only 3 people on chat, myself tehkubix and gh... so something may be up.

Yeah thinkgeek's a good source for shirts, although, they're not very original (what I mean is, lots of people know about thinkgeek, it depends on where you are, but at my brother's college every other person had one on)

Btw, whack a mole on a smart board was rather fun

Although, smart boards aren't that terribly bad, and the fact they're a huge touchscreen is rather kickbutterfly, but for me, until their screen can get more responsive, and doesn't need a projector, then they really won't be true win."
"Yeah mine isn't working either. Maybe Chat4All is banning everyone after my constant re-logins during my XChat setup fail last night. :shrug:

Why does gsimmons keep copying my avatar?"
ah its back up
who is this that keeps stealing you ava gyorkoshaven.
"http://www.scioly.org/phpBB3/memberlist ... le&u=12317

They had this avatar, before I changed mine:...never mind, can't find the URL."
ThinkGeek is awesome, and the descriptions of the items are always funny.
"today's a saturday. I love asian pears.
this it the first post on the 220th page."
Indeed, today is Saturday. Right you are sewforlife.
yes. for the first time. im right!
"Wow. I Just got back from regional band practice, and still no assassin. Oh well.
Before you ask Elmo, I didn't place in one of the bands Im so sad. But it was my first time, so I'll just try harder next year!"
"http://failblog.org/2009/11/07/career-fair-fail/


I hope they saw that guy"
Can you end a sentence with the word, "the?" And it has to be a sentence; not a question or a fragment or an intergection or anything.
I don't see why you would ever end a sentence with "the" anyway...
"I figured it out. Here:

I can end a sentence with the word ""the""."
i love to do small things and see how long it takes people to notice
Burned.
the title you changed the title of the thread
Haha I got it before you.
Yeah I do that a lot too, people still have failed to notice some consistent things I have changed on here.

I almost never finish sentences because of the
i like to sleep in on the weekends
no one isn't
wanna bet
I love asian tea!
To survive a velociraptor attack, you do not have to outrun them, you must simply outrun the other people (Russel Monroe is awesome).
"The sad things american boys go to sporting events to do......


Sebastian"
Greely was frequently discussed in the book Fast Food Nation. It wasn't good stuff.
Why did you already read that?
"Wait, what?

I read it for a book report."
That's a 12th grade English summer reading book.
Hmm, whatever. It was fantastic. I'll never eat any hamburger (Let alone one from a fast food restaurant) without thinking about the meat factories described in the book.
I want to change my keyboard layout, but the f and j keys are different from the rest! Darn, you saitek!
"i'm sleepy
tomorrow i'm going to dress up as a hogwarts student in ravenclaw.
but i don't have a wand... i need to find the perfect twig!!!

EDIT: i'm so sleepy i'm not even fully sane."
"wat kind of tea isn't asian?
btw, who puts milk and cream in tea? that's disgusting."
Tea tea tea teaaa. I don't like tea tea tea. Or coffee fee fee.
"No duh Greeley is surrounded by stock yards and smells like cow butterfly. I know i was in Greeley this weekend.
fmtiger124 wrote:
sweetcoop wrote:
Dam i need to find a different reason to go to basketball games I either
A. Watch the cheerleaders
B. Watch the players on the other team(some are actually hot)
C. Think about other girls that are 4 hours in Greely where they live

The sad things american boys go to sporting events to do......


Sebastian
At least i didn't do this at the volleyball games.
Wow i never remember typing the third one on there.

Oh Basketball season starts."
"Haha its alright sweetcoop, (thats really normal guy behavior anyways)
...And quite honestly I'd do quite a bit of that at games, I'm normally not the type of guy to be girl obsessed but it can happen (sports games would be a likely case because sports bore me to death)."
If you went to my school that is not normal for guys. Our cheerleaders are ugly and our sports girls are not all that good looking either. Ok there is one good looking cheerleader but that is all i am going to say about her.
Is this the first mention of "the hot girl" since like may?
"RandomPerson is mean.....he sent me a pm with the same title as the ones the assassinators get when they've been picked

on another note that polling place glitch is annoying my general chat thing won't go blue because of it and its bugging me"
Try September, and i never said it was the hot girl. She is in gymnastics right now and not in cheerleading so i really did not mention her I ment someone who is a freshmen this year that i have no chance with that i happen to be friends with on facebook.
I just made my general chat thing blue
"Teehee, it was too tempting.

Oh boy, I'm too mean to people these days, I really gotta stop."
just hit the "mark topics read" and it will go away
"Thanks, that really helps! That bug was really bugging me. Ugh.

Does anyone know the intervals of posts for each star you earn? I think it was 10 for your second star, but how many do you have to have for your third? 30?"
http://www.scioly.org/phpBB3/viewtopic.php?f=4&t=1607
"no i got my 3rd after 50 posts, and i think you get your 4th at 100 or something.
but the admins have to award you the ribons- you don't just ""get them"""
"Ok, instead of ribbons, try medals. You get them for editing the wiki really well.

And stars: 1-1 post
2-10 posts
3-50 posts
4-150 posts
5-Moderator
6-Administrator"
it sounds like you guys are either: a, competing, or b, just really want to look like you're useful
Key word there: look like you're useful.
Oh ok thanks. I don't want to seem like I'm posting just to get the stars, by the way. I was just wondering, I thought the intervals would be regular (ex: 10-1 star, 20-2 stars, 30-3 stars, etc.)
"no. or else wouldn't everyone have 5-10 stars?

exactly what I was hoping you guys would pick up on.

SO pics might be taken tom for our yearbook. not excited
I have gym that period. I think."
"My 6th grade social studies teacher always told me to ""Look like I was listening to him"".

THIS IS THE 3333rd POST IN THIS THREAD!!! KEEP UP THE SPAM!!!"
"haha bring very nice gym shorts.
or quickly change out and sprint to media center"
that's what I'm gonna do. so I don't look like SOMEONE w. pink shorts last year. lol.
"i had a fun day in spanish class
bet you cant guess what this is i translated?

Tres anillos parra los Elven-Reys debajo de el cielo.
Siete anillos parra los Enano-Reys en sus casas de piedra
Nueve parra los Mortal hombre’s fatalidad morir.
Unos anillo parra el Rey de osaridas en su treno de osaridas
En el tierra de Mordor donde soereis mentir
Uno anillo fallar ellos todos,uno anillo hallar ellos todos
Uno anillos traer ellos todos y en el oscuridad atar ellos.
En el tierra de Mordor donde sobras mentir


yea i think some of it may be a bit off but it is close"
I have WAIT training tomorrow. Not excited because it is going to be about abstinince(sp?)
"abstinence...
regionals are in 9 weeks and 1 day. for me."
Wait...SO regionals? That's really soon. Then again, I live in PA, which is probably the last state to hold Regionals (late March) and States (late April/early May). Therefore, I can afford to slack off.
Yeah, I showed up at SO for...the 3rd time this year? (Today)
"wow. only a month between regions and states? weird.
i think i like my schedule better."
I think michigan is the last state. At least it was last year.
We have our competition earlier than last year and that was early!
"Wow.
We had a writing test today, and do you know what we were supposed to write about? ""A time we thought we were right.""
really? really? thats the stupidest composition topic ive ever heard of."

A-B-C! Easy as 1-2-3! tralalalalala ♪
Micheal Jackson fan?
??? ... no...
That's epic.
MichAEl Jackson. Practice 20 times. Repeat every day.
pigeon don't know these spelling skills.
FAIL.
"this is fail.
EASTstroudsburg13 wrote:
gyourkoshaven wrote:

17:25 fmtiger124 oh god
17:25 fmtiger124 look at the name of the newest member
17:25 fmtiger124 spamman
17:26 fmtiger124 :s
17:46 gyourkoshaven this guy and i could be good friends
17:47 DarkSabre cuts himself
That's epic.
and this is epic win.
DS <-- that was good."
Epic yet again:
hah. it wasn't supposed to feel good. lol
"1. WHOA! DS has a sister?

2. Interesting chats in Ajax..."
"thats not the best stuff either


try coming on chat after school the conversation is normally fun
Chat"
NO SCHOOL TODAY NO SCHOOL TODAY
I don't like you fmtiger i have to go to school today. Well at least i wont be getting behind in any of my classes that i have today.
you don't get veterans day off?
Check out today's Astonomy Picture of the Day
Like
I wish people would start looking at my sig for event advice. That's why I put it there, so people wouldn't fill up the threads with general questions.
Was my school district the only one that had no school today for veterans day?
We had school. I'm not sure if many schools get off.
Yeah we had school too, and on the announcements they listed all the teachers who have been in the Armed Forces so we would recognize them, but they forgot one.
Well I'm sure all new users to the forum go hmmm...I should read EASTstroudsburg13's signature as the 1st thing I do on this site...Even before I read the rules!
I'm still banned from #scioly after last night.
What's the chance that gh will conveniently forget to unban you for a couple months?
We were talking about bans a while ago, when fm remarked that it would be nice if I was banned from the board for being a spammer and then he asked gh to maybe "forget" to unban.
Why were you banned?
What did you get banned for anyway? On AJAX you asked me to get gh to unban you, and on #scioly i posted a message, but gh didn't respond. Only tehkubix responded, wondering why you were banned...

you were banned for THAT? Wow...
Thanks to the mod we all know and love...gh.
I didn't have school today for Call of Duty day. Wait, I mean Veteren's day.
"lol. apparently that game is really good. heard from guys who have finished it already. the newest version.

wow... you get off for that?
Pleiades wrote:
blue cobra wrote:
Check out today's Astonomy Picture of the Day
Like
fb much?"
"http://www.livescience.com/culture/0911 ... tates.html

This is interesting"
GO NJ! number 25! not too shabby for the most densely populated state in the US!
huh? NJ is most densely populated? ...do you mean in deer?
"No, it's the most densley populated (Probably due to all of the beach-goers filing their taxes in NJ).

You fit a butterfly load of people onto a strip of land the size of the Vatican"
yep and our property taxes are humongous. then again, that was then (and Jon Corzine) this is now.
So Chris Christie is going to turn the entire population into TastyCakes while lowering property taxes?
well I dunno, I'm pretty sure things are gonna be different than the last couple of years. Don't argue here, gyourko, esp. when I'm consider myself moderately conservative.
There's no arguing over his weight...
"http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_U. ... on_density

read this and it shall clear it up

Oh i also want to mention on that list i posted. Colorado is ranked NUMBER 4!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1"
"please. I had to do a current event on how Jon Corzine did all these attack ads about that. It's just not nice, even as a joke, and it shouldn't be tolerated. This was the meanest part on the article.
""When Corzine was asked if Chris Christie was fat, he replied,'Am I bald?'."" <That shouldn't ever be said, even if someone is running against you, you should have some respect for them if they BEAT you.

lol. around 450 ppl for every square km, and RI is right behind us."

"it's okay. I just hate Corzine sometimes. led our state nowhere.
onto another topic:
My toes are extremely cold. it's 66 degrees Fahrenheit in my house."
lol wear socks
but then I would forget to take them off when I go to sleep. I need fuzzy socks so that my toes aren't subjected to too much pressure.
Oh, yes of course
I absolutely cannot sleep without socks on.
i always sleep without socks on.
"hmm. I see how we differ. I dunno, sure, my toes get cold, but then I just add more blankets around my toes. which is probably stupid, and not as practical, but whatever.
gyourkoshaven wrote:
Oh, yes of course
definitely, because I have a minor case of ingrown toenail. and it's bad. but actually, it doesn't matter that much, I just like looser socks."
Don't complain about the temperature at your house. Out side where i live it is common for the weather to be near 0 degrees Fahrenheit at about now and it rarely gets over 45 degrees.
"haikus are fun
but sometimes they dont make sense
refrigerator"
... I will complain. I'm still freezing. but actually, I kinda like the cold sometimes.
"haikus are fun" has only 4 syllables.
i think it's not supposed to be like that. I've heard it before.
"Algorithms are awesome
but sometimes they don't make sense
segmentation fault
^My friend loves that and it's written on his binder."
"qwertyuiopasdfghjklzxcvbnm
my life is average."
"my (would) life suck(s). (w/o you!)
lol. I want to talk in song references like ninja now."
What's accelerated learning lab?
"no idea i am guessing you are wondering about the red names + the three medals?

Siege lord says it may have to do with DST"
Yeah.. and that's odd.
"1: I can't sleep unless it's pitch black
2: How do you get more stars under your name?"
RED NAMES? on scioly?
posting more info in forums that are not GENERAL CHAT
thanks.
"Ja

exalted used to have goldish names but DS finally got annoyed at the color"
Wait, it has to do with daylight's savings time?
what? it does?
yeah, robotman said it had to do with DST. Unless DST stands for something else?
"sewforlife wrote:
what? it does?
yea it seems to according to Siege"
so is that why the person from MN (minnesota) has a red user?
"yep
they red users should be back to normal soon"
Where did Hippocrates live? I know he was born in Cos but didn't he travel around?
I belive that i have finally read the writing on the wall and realize that i don't stand a chance at going out with the one girl that i have mentioned.
"Sorry.

But as they say, 'Tis better to have loved and lost then never to have loved at all'."
"You know if what i think is true i don't have to feel guilty when i talk bad about the cheerleaders. I will find out on either Monday or Tuesday of next week.


On a happier note. I found out that i have the support of my former TaeKwon-Do instructor for me starting a class here at the rec department."
For any other people who have google wave accounts we have a scioly wave
I got google wave
THINK OF THE OCTOPI!!!!!
"aguhahgulieopr
^this was NOT random type."
then what is it?
I picked letters on a system. hah
I HAD AN INVATATIONAL TODAY, IT MADE A LOT OF THE OTHER PEOPLE ON THE TEAM REALIZE THAT YOU HAVE TO DO SOMTHING CALLED STUDYING!
"Stop shouting, you're hurting my ears...

Anyways, basswood is an arse to cut, that is all."
"Laws of Bridge Building:

You will manage to hurt yourself at least once with the exacto knife.
You will get your fingers stuck to the bridge.
The bridge will break right before at least one competition (hope it's not states or nats)."
The second one's almost happened already.
"denmarksoccer wrote:
The Caps Lock key is to the left of your 'A' key."
iguanas
physics
Bow chica bow wow!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
dun dun dun dun dun dun dun duuuuuuuuuuun
headphones
"Now this topic seems to be random again.

booooooooooooooooooooooooooooooom!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
-erangs!
asdf
I have a Zune.
"You know that felling when you step off the curb, thinking nothing bad is going to happen, then BAM! out of nowhere a bus hits you?
Hmm... it leaves me feeling all weird and stuff..."
42
That's awesome! How do you like it?
"I have an ipod....
hehe"
Don't steal my internet!
The above comment was typed without using a keyboard.
Barack Obama is stealing all of our internet.
Apple pie.
"I can't believe he might stop the lunar project.
EDIT: GO EAGLES!"
Drugs are bad MMMMMMMMMMK
I'm wearing rollerblades inside the house right now for no apparent reason.
Chat not working again for anyone?
"my xchat failed again
java doesn't like me either"
"Still not working. It's open, but won't let me do anything. I'm quite bored.

Edit: Typing anatomy notes = bleh."
its back up
theres 123 threads under posting games
extol!
Oh my goodness... I feel really bad for you. I had an invitational yesterday, and I just started studying for that event the day before. The sheet took 3 hours, but it tested like one question on it. Typing the notes make me tired. FAIL I lost the game.
I lost the game!
Anyways, I just got back from an epic concert. Good Night all.
"School than i get to come home for about an hour that i get to do some homework than i have class.

Bow Chica Bow Wow"
My first (serious) Science Olympiad meeting is tomorrow. I'm happy.
"Our first tournament is tomorrow
I'm so happy"
"wow. that's late.
and robodude. that's early.
well, it seems so anyway."
I need to start studying for my permit soon.
Not really. At least not for me, 'cause this is when we usually start. I think the only reason we can afford to take so long to get started is because Regionals is in late March and States is a month after that. On a side note, I wish our school's SO team got more funding.
We have our very first meeting tomorrow! and we have states in March.
"wow. about the same as us.
driver's? i thought you were in college?
oh. you didn't get it yet?"
I wish! Sadly, I'm only a sophomore.
"I'm in driver's training too!
And Pleiades, did you manage to get a SO team at your high school?"
"good luck with your driver's training and tests and stuff.
when are you going to be able to take the test?
my brother turned 17 late, so he got it his senior year."
thanks! I'll be able to test for my permit Dec 7 (16) and Liscense June 7 (16 1/2) assuming that I pass my permit on that date and complete all the needed drivers ed and stuff.
awesome. it would suck it have a birthday really late, cuz then people will be able to drive all before you.
"Yeah, it would. My brother's lucky because he was born in June but it was the June before the rest of his grade so he'll be the first to get his license. I think he's the oldest in his grade.
croman74 wrote:
And Pleiades, did you manage to get a SO team at your high school?
Yes I did! Infact, we have our first meeting tomorrow!"
"cool.
wait, so you didn't have an SO team before, then how did you know about it? this site?"
My birthday isn't until mid may, so I plan on going to driver's ed in the summer, and then have the test later on in that year.
I've done SO at my middle school for the past 2 years. The high school didn't have a team or the funding for one until now.
oh. I see. we don't have funding for anything. except a team of course.
I am Buena Vista High Schools junior class most likely to live in BV (Buena Vista) forever.
"I'm in driver's training too!
And Pleiades, did you manage to get a SO team at your high school?"
"good luck with your driver's training and tests and stuff.
when are you going to be able to take the test?
my brother turned 17 late, so he got it his senior year."
thanks! I'll be able to test for my permit Dec 7 (16) and Liscense June 7 (16 1/2) assuming that I pass my permit on that date and complete all the needed drivers ed and stuff.
awesome. it would suck it have a birthday really late, cuz then people will be able to drive all before you.
"Yeah, it would. My brother's lucky because he was born in June but it was the June before the rest of his grade so he'll be the first to get his license. I think he's the oldest in his grade.
croman74 wrote:
And Pleiades, did you manage to get a SO team at your high school?
Yes I did! Infact, we have our first meeting tomorrow!"
"cool.
wait, so you didn't have an SO team before, then how did you know about it? this site?"
My birthday isn't until mid may, so I plan on going to driver's ed in the summer, and then have the test later on in that year.
I've done SO at my middle school for the past 2 years. The high school didn't have a team or the funding for one until now.
oh. I see. we don't have funding for anything. except a team of course.
I am Buena Vista High Schools junior class most likely to live in BV (Buena Vista) forever.
I can get my permit once I'm done with this segment. (My 15th birthday is Dec. 6th). Then I can get my license next year on my birthday.
"Stupid = Me

Censored = Dumb-butt"
"humdeduh.
im bored when i have not started my homework."
wow my school will be empty tomorrow there are three field trips planned for tomorrow. Sadly one of them is for Junior and Senior level shops students, which is me, and i won't go cause i belive that a college class is more important.
"At this current point in time, due to some random fluke, my school does not block youtube !!!
(I got a screenshot but its at school, so I'll post it later)"
"I know occasionally the continue button will pop up and let you on but it only happens once every long while. Besides the computers in that lab are to slow to watch anything on them (you were in the comp sci lab right?)

Tonight is our teams building tryouts ....I'm kind of nervous"
Yeah but thats not what happened, it was just plain not blocked, yeah I was in the comp sci lab also.
"good luck random and fm!
i mean, how'd you do?"
"I havn't even left my house yet how am I supposed to know?

ok so its true I have a time traveling machine and I am all knowing...not sure how you found that out"
"oh. sorry, I thought when you said night, you meant like after school. whoops!
Google Wave is really cool-looking."
With proxies, youtube is never blocked :D
"Am I the only one who saw the Irish miss the world cup because of a blatant handball by Henry of the French right in front of th net that set of a goal? Anyway, I agree fully with the Irish in saying that the match should be replayed.

http://msn.foxsports.com/soccer/story/1 ... ith-France for info"
"Yeah I laughed when I saw that.

It shouldn't be replayed though, I mean did the entire MLB playoffs get replayed due to umpire-incompetency?"
"Brett Hull's skate was and always will have been in the crease, but the Sabres still lost the finals to it.

It's awful, it's not fair, but it's life."
It's lovely and completely fair for Texans.
muffins are good for your telekinetic health : )
cracking your knuckles DOESN'T lead to arthritis.
Now this is just sad. Apparently there is such a thing as going a little too far.
CHEAP SHEEP!
that's bad. people in my school's pants are WAY tighter than those.
"That is good i always crack my fingers.


Ha there is going to be an awesom picture of me where me and a girl in my grade are chained to on of the welcome to BV signs for the most likely pictures for the yearbook."
What problem can't uncyclopedia solve?
"<Insert Oscar Wilde quote here>



I love uncyclopedia"
"partial function decomposition reminds me of upside-down mushrooms.
because you always check to see if the degree of the numerator is smaller or larger than the degree of the denominator.
the problem is easier (you don't have to divide) if it's smaller.
So the numerator (on the top) is smaller (mushroom stem) and the denominator (on the bottom) is bigger (mushroom cap).
Voila! Upside-down mushroom!

if the problem requires dividing out, then it is a normal mushroom.
and mushrooms are an example of decomposers."
Only 6 months and 6 days until towel day! GET READY!
graffiti is a pretty cool not-declared art.
Wow my school my still have some glory brought to us with a state championship. Oh wait it will be for cheerleading that is more of a disgrace than glory for my school
T.G.I.F!
I'm chaperoning a dance tonight and then I'll be at MIT for the next two days! Jam packed weekend!
"THE 'CUSE ROLLS!!!
87-71 over #6 UNC!!!!!!"
"YES!

UNC STINKS!

GO DUKE!"
Gyourkoshaven do you mean UNC as in the Univeresity of Norther Colorado?
University of North Carolina.
I love SUSHI!
"Just got back from my SO tryouts:
My diagnosis:

Dynamic planet: Terrible (test was mean >:( )
Anatomy: Fair
Picture this: Decent
Cell Bio: Well (despite the fact they told us they were only testing us on parts 3, 7,11 and 13 I think, and tested us on all of it)"
Encyclopedia Dramatica > Uncyclopedia
Not at all, I find uncyclopedia to be much much better. The only thing encyclopedia dramatica has is a cooler name.
"My SO Tryout Analysis:
Dynamic Planet: As Random said, evil it was really hard
Picture This: Relatively Easy
Write It Do It: Easy"
Thank god for weekends.
I LOST!
"thanks a lot sew. i lost the game.

i just acquired a three foot tall teddy bear!"
Tomorrow I will be trying to finish another book.
Why are we talking like this?
"NO STAFF AT SON

I just made up a palindrome."
me too oot em
Ermm...no, I'm pretty sure you can't make up words to make a palindrome.
Hey. those are NOT made up words.
"Lol, let me try again.

mom sees mom

Pretty impressive if I do say so myself."
I'd have to agree.
"Eureka! I've got another one! I'm a genius!

Pop sees Pop!

Call me butter 'cause I'm on a rollllllllll!"
"OMG!!! YEEEEEAH!!!!! Let's see...
Dog sees god!"
What a smitten mitten!
"tclme change your sig. IT'S OVER. hah

spelling thing. nvm.
on another random note:

I lostthe game!"
"there is a ninja in one of my last five posts cookies to who ever finds it.
hope no one will"
"robotman09 wrote:
B was
1.Becandorff A
2.Becandorff B
3. Riverwood

C was
1.lasa
2.lasa
O|-<
**^
I win mwahahahahaha

(he had an invisitext color code)"
lol. virtual cookie?
Huzzah! I got Firefox!
WOWWWWWWWWWWWWW
moo ha random comments. lost the game.
HAHAHA i had them all fooled...
Lol very funny.
I'm willing to bet a lot of money they all knew it was you and just didn't say so
"*takes a virtual cookie*

OM NOM NOM It's dudeincolorado's birthday!"
Yeah... not really that impressive, fmtiger would've gotten away with it several times If I hadn't identified his IP.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY DUDE!
a day late
sinfonie nr.4 d-moll by schumann = awesomeness x infinity.
This post made me wonder how it would be if dude wasn't actually from Colorado.
oops! I have a slight chance of not going on this site again ever tom.
why?
coaches are kicking people off. SURPRISE!
"The Royale Noir theme is an epic win.

Unrelated, a shifty eyes smiley would also be an epic win."
Like this ?
"Aren't those sunglasses?

But the shifty eyes smiley really can't happen. They'd have to get rid of one of the other smileys, lest they ruin the rectangle and face the wrath of all sciolians' OCD."
Those are sunglasses? Wow, I never knew that.
Why?
"don't you mean DS's OCD? jk.
they didn't kick anyone off! so I'm here to stay. but they might in a couple weeks. people are lazy. no work being done"

necrotizing fasciitis
All right. I need help, for those of you who also play piano. HOW THE HECK DO YOU PLAY 8 32nd notes-in a beat in the right hand while playing triplets in the left hand!?!?!? Really fast!? ITS SOOOO HARD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
it made me sad. some of those people didnt deserve a second chance... >.> ah well. they better get their acts together in two weeks or else theyre gone fore sure
Practice. Lots of it.
I am!!!! A LOT!!! ITS SO HARD! IT KILLS MY HAND!
I USE CAPS LOCK WHEN I SPAM, AND I DON'T PLAY THE PIANO, SO MY HAND RARELY HURTS.
ah. I SEE.
"I think you should give up....

OR

You can go ask your piano teacher for help..."
yes, we've been working on it. I'm not gonna give up on this.
VIOLIN IS HARD
"Yes it is.
Do you own the Carl Flesch scales book?"
No, it's not. Well, it depends on what you're playing.
Yep. My hand hurts after practicing.
what piece are you playing?
Bach Prelude 1 for Cello. I'm playing it now.
i'm practicing some gigue-sonata-thingamagig in d minor by veracini
"This?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RHjpV0CD ... re=related

And that's not me playing. I'm not that good.

Edit: I watched it again, and I've concluded that his playing isn't that great. Maybe I could play better than him.

Edit:

Really? You must be very good."
"Is your problem playing the notes fast enough though, or playing them correctly and at the right place? 32nd notes with triplets could get tricky - 8 notes per beat versus 3 - those don't always make for it to be easy to line them up.

But I know the feeling. Took me months to be able to get the beginning of Billy Joel's Prelude at a reasonable speed. It's not hard per se - the notes are straightforward - but the speed is ridiculous."
"Concerto in E Minor: Mendelssohn

10 pages...

Never going to be as beast as she is: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CCLxso5XDN4

Yes, I'm starting up a ""use the word beast"" trend."
"I love that piece. You're playing it?



Oh, that's right, you're in division C."
"The Accolay Concerto in A minor, some Mozart concerto, a pile of holiday songs, and 2 orchestras worth of other music.

No wonder I have no free time (or social life)."
Wow, you must be amazing! I stink at the violin, my skills lay with piano. But those skills aren't that great either...
for the people who play violin- do you use Suzuki?
Yeah kinda, when I was in middle school, we went through the first 3 (I think 3, maybe just the first 2) books and played some pieces. My piece for my violin recital type event last year was also from it. This year we haven't looked at anything from the suzuki books though.
Yeah, I do Suzuki. I'm in the middle of book 4.
I almost exclusively use the Suzuki books, but I don't learn in the Suzuki style. I think my friend does, though.
I also use the Solos for Young Violinists books.
"Yes, I use Suzuki. I just finished Book 8 but have no intention of learning Books 9 or 10 (after all, they're only one concerto each). Instead, I'm playing other ""famous"" violin pieces. I have to say that while they are an effective way to start learning, I wish it focused a little more on reading music once you're in Books 3 and above. One of my former orchestra conductors had a bias against Suzuki kids because they couldn't read music and would assume that the reason the back of the Violin IIs couldn't play well was because they were Suzuki students. Well, that was until someone said, ""But all the Suzuki kids are in the front of the first violins.""

Edit: Amerikestrel, which piece are you on in Book 4?

Edit2: Also, I am now one of 4 first chairs (4-way tie for first at auditions) for said orchestra."
"You've finished book 8? And you're in division b? Wow.

I'm on the Vivaldi in a minor, first movement.

Edit: Is that a school orchestra?"
"Well, I'm an 8th grader and I started violin 8 1/2 years ago, so...yeah. Vivaldi A minor...I remeber hating that piece, although it was mainly the 3rd movement I hated because of this passage we called ""the swamp"" (It's on the lower half of the second page) and because it had to go so fast.

Edit: It's not a school orchestra. It's a sort of several-neighboring-counties orchestra."
"Wow alpha, you must be amazing. REALLY AMAZING.
I'm on the last one in book 7 for suzuki. and amerikestrel, i also do solos for young violinists. I only recently started, so I'm on the last 2 (kinda) in book 3."
You must be really good, learn really fast, or my teacher makes me go through the suzuki pieces really really slowly. Because I'm a seventh grader and I started violin about 7 years ago. And I know I won't be able to get through 4 books in a year.
IDK. But I'm not that good, I only started in 3rd grade, so about 5 years for me. But i didn't start taking private lessons until 4th grade. I did progress fairly quickly, but still, I'm really not that great.
"Usually I don't get a lot of time in to practice because I'm really busy.

Edit: Go to page #6 of the posting games forum! Only one thread!"
What chair are you in orchestra? (if you're in one)
"In my school orchestra, I'm second chair of first violins. But we don't have auditions in school orchestra, the way it works is whoever gets there first on the first day gets the best chair.

I'm also in a local youth orchestra, where I'm in the very back of 2nd violins. But the music is incredibly difficult. For example:

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yL-HA4Heu2M"
That's still good! I'm 3rd chair at school, but i DEFINITELY shouldn't be. I have NOOOOOOO IDEA HOW IN THE WORLD i got there.
"I'm really not that amazing. There are a lot of things I'm not very good at, like keeping a steady tempo, finger/bow coordination, not rushing 16ths, positions other than first, third, and fifth, and anything fast unless I've practiced the heck out of it for 2+ months. Last one in Book 7...is that the Corelli Allegro? I spent like 2 weeks on that one, because once I could play the notes without messing up too many times, my teacher said it was good enough and got me to start Book 8 (which, by the way, is awesome).

Oh, and I'm 1.5th chair in my school orchestra, because my friend and I agreed that whoever gets to rehearsal first is first chair and half the time, I get there first; half the time she gets there first.

Edit: The local youth orchestra I play in has mostly arranged versions of classical pieces (they're definitely not easy, though), but we also play fiddle music and more modern-ish pieces."
No I know it, you're AMAZING. Lol, funny. We had seat auditions.
"Hehe.... I was last seat for the first violins...

Yeah I'm not really a good player. Oh well."
I use to play violin, back when I was like 5. I was actually pretty good because I used to have to sit through my sister's lessons before I started playing. But then I switched to guitar because my violin teacher made me stand, and I wanted to play an instrument where I could sit down. It was one of the best decisions of my life.
That's where I am now!
YAH!!! I just hit 100 posts!!! Hurray! This is a new achievement of mine...
amerikestrel, you're a guy right?
I play viola. And violas get laughed at.
"Yup.

And violas don't really get laughed at. They're very nice instruments."
HAPPY THANKSGIVING EVERYONE!!!
"http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yZco2rPz_qk

Happy Turkey day =]"

LOL.
¡ƃuıʌıƃsʞuɐɥ⊥ ʎddɐH ˙˙˙ǝuoʎɹǝʌǝ ʎǝH
"This year we are celebrating Thanksgiving my family from my Dad's side, and for some weird reason, they always celebrate Thanksgiving on Friday.
No turkey yet."
If your cat steals something, what happens?
If your cat steals something, it means your cat is not mice? (nice? mice? get it? harhar... sry i just made that up )
"Very punny indeed.
blue cobra wrote:
If your cat steals something, what happens?
Bad things happen, including the end of the production of duct tape as we know it."
"How did you do that?

Edit: There's a HUGE fire by my school right now... fortunately it's a just a nearby house with nobody home, but I was really scared a few minutes ago that my school was burning down. I can see the fire from my bedroom window."
"I'm guessing a lot of inserting of symbols. I'm not sure, though...

On a completely random note (then again, this is Your Daily Random Comment), I hate school pep rallys. All 900 students crowd into the gym, we listen to people sing the national anthem off-key, we watch the cheerleaders do the same routine every time, all the sports teams get recognized and the SO/other-cool-academic-competitions people wonder why we don't ever get recognized. The 6th grade cheers like crazy, the 7th graders clap politely and then when it's the 8th graders' turn, you can hear a pin drop. It's really pathetic.

Edit: You're worried about your school burning down? jk, jk. Although it would mean no more SO..."
¿sıɥʇ əʞıl uɐəɯ noʎ ʇɐɥʍ
Yes.
"You have pep rallies in middle school?!
We only have them for the football team but I never go because they're wicked boring."
˙lɐɯɹou ǝʞıl ǝdʎʇ puɐ uʍop-ǝpısdn pɹɐoqʎǝʞ ʎɯ uɹnʇ ʇsnɾ I ɥO
Actually, my left hand hurts from repeatedly playing fast passages. I played this last year: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vnWojwaMR_M Messed it up so badly... I'd rather play it by myself than playing with a piano...
haha. thats how i can tell if some people are from new england. does anyone say "bubbla" or whatever instead of water fountain around here?
"Shawty's like a melody in my head
That I can't keep out, got me singin' like
Na, na, na, na everyday
It's like my iPod's stuck on replay…

stuck in my head..."
Today I bought this thing that cuts your sandwiches into the shape of a dinosaur. The best $2.47 I ever spent.
"or clam chowDA?
hah. black friday has left me really tired"
"Yep. Very boring- and we have to go. The last one I went to was hilarious, though. My friends and I were laughing at some of the teachers trying to dance. Other than that, after the cheerleaders yell out, ""GO [my school]!"", I was considering yelling out, ""Go [rival school]!"" but decided not to.

However, I get to miss the spring pep rally though, 'cause I'm going to States that day!"
"That is almost as bad as sitting on your teams side of the the stadium and you cheer for the rival team. Oh wait i almost did that when my team played Salide which happens to be our rival school.

Uck Purple and white are the two worst colors in the whole world. Red and white on the other hand are a great combination."
Red and white is too candy caney. Blue and white is good. So is blue and black. And blue and orange. Anyone wanna guess my favorite color?
Magenta.
"PINK!
^i detest this color. bleh.
my whole day is devoted to SO."
"You know what other color everybody detests?

Yellow-green. Not Green-yellow, yellow-green."
I'm watching Carolina kick some Clemson butt!!!!! 14-7 right now!!! Today is going very good so far!!!!
"lol eww.
but green and gold are a good color-combo!"
blargh i dislike romeo and juliet journal questions
Romeo and Juliet. Shallowest play on earth. Not even kidding. >.>
No. Do not say that.
Eclipse's release date is June 30, 2010. Too bad, I'm missing out, cause I'll be on vacation.
"Plot: Romeo and Juliet fall in love. The end.

Just be glad it's not a Chinese opera. Now that's bad. I can't understand 90% of what they're saying and I'm 100% chinese. And I won't even mention how high they sing..."
High five.
so we're walking down the hall in our house, and out of the blue my younger sister turns to me and says, "Chuck, what was that about?"
"the kid who plays that gigue from sonata is playing too fast... but i actually think that everyone else who plays at the slower tempo sounds lame.
I told my violin teacher that i wanted to play it fast, and he said i wasn't allowed to rush in the piece...
and then he bribed me with lindt truffles.
i am now one very content violinist"
I'm wearing toe socks. It feels weird. This thread isn't as random anymore.
"I can say ""bugs black blood"" three times with great speed:

bugsblackbloodbugsblackbloodbugsblackblood

See^"
Our high school football team just won state championships!
what gigue from what sonata?
I still can't believe that no one else uses the term "wicked". I mean, it's just so natural for me to say it. Apparently I have a really thick Boston accent too
Blue and Orange are the worst color combo in the world. I would rather look at something purple and white instead of those two colors Cause my least favorite sports team has blue and orange as their team colors
"Users browsing this forum: blue cobra, kjhsscioly, robotman09, sciolykid101, tclme_elmo, x_SOninja_x, Yahoo [Bot], zyzzyva98 and 0 guests

Hmm.. General Chat is popular."
"Ha, that just reminded me. My friend can talk in a really weird Indian accent and it's hilarious because it just sounds so funny. (He can also do a Chinese accent, but it's not as good.)

Edit: I love OneNote. I'm currently typing up all my notes in it. It autosaves too, so I'm never going to erase two hours of work because I didn't save. Although, I just managed to crash it..."
OneNote becomes your best friend in college.
evernote is extremely good if you want it to sync across computers and such
Look we could deliberate over wether the book is good or not as much as one wants, but seriously, when it comes to the movie, the actors just plain aren't good, why do you like it so much? Even during the brief period where I had an aneurysm and believed the series was good, I did not like the first movie, and quit watching it after 1/4 way through.
Understand that you and I aren't part of this "Oh my god, Robert Patterson is SO hot!!!" group of girls (Thankfully)
People around me are switching to Taylor Lautner all of a sudden. Weird. Everyone obsesses over one character for each movie/book. Maybe when the third movie comes out, everyone will be obsessed with the dad or something.
ok, I will agree to the fact that the twilight movie was bad compared to the book. and gyourkoshaven, it's pattinson, and no. he is the ugliest. I hate him. but yes googly, Taylor lautner...
they can sing so high it hurts. and it sounds like someone's shrieking in a good way. but I can actually understand
Listening to FYO violin kids play solo is easier to bear than either R&J or Chinese Opera.
"Speaking of Twilight, my sister (who adores Twilight) got me a parody of it called Nightlight, which I think somebody mentioned already earlier in this thread..

Back cover of Nightlight (this makes sense to people who have read Twilight):

About three things I was absolutely certain.
First, Edward was most likely my soul mate, maybe.
Second, there was a vampire part of him- which I assumed
was wildly out of his control- that wanted me dead.
And third, I unconditionally, irrevocably, impenetrably, heterogenously,
gynecologically, and disreputably wished he had kissed me."
Haha that's hilarious.
I don't get it. But then again, I only read the first paragraph of the book before I returned it to my school library.
i am posting from my brothers psp. i never knew you could get internet on here. so cool!
Does anyone like the music at the end of Anime movies?
I don't know how to answer your question as I don't watch a lot of anime, but I like your location
"PoT has an awesome ending song. I listen to it all the time
denmarksoccer wrote:
Speaking of Twilight, my sister (who adores Twilight) got me a parody of it called Nightlight, which I think somebody mentioned already earlier in this thread..

Back cover of Nightlight (this makes sense to people who have read Twilight):

About three things I was absolutely certain.
First, Edward was most likely my soul mate, maybe.
Second, there was a vampire part of him- which I assumed
was wildly out of his control- that wanted me dead.
And third, I unconditionally, irrevocably, impenetrably, heterogenously,
gynecologically, and disreputably wished he had kissed me.
HAHAHA. (even though I read like 15 pgs of the first book, I know the plot)
Avis_de-Incendia wrote:
sewforlife wrote:
they can sing so high it hurts. and it sounds like someone's shrieking in a good way. but I can actually understand
Listening to FYO violin kids play solo is easier to bear than either R&J or Chinese Opera.
FYO?"
first year orchestra???
I just read that the state of Illinois still considers Pluto a planet.
I meant that at the end of Anime Movies, there is music at the end (e.g. Pokemon movies) Do you guys find those good songs? Or am I just eccentric for finding them good?
"http://www.myfoxboston.com/dpp/news/loc ... -wakefield
It's not really weird so I didn't put it in the weird things that have happened at your school thread. We got a phone call about it today."
"OHHHH. sorry. um some of them? and I like the Pokemon theme song. catchy!
cypressfalls_Robert wrote:
first year orchestra???
in high school right?"
Look at the back cover of Twilight. That is, if you decide you want to go within 10 feet of that book again.
I'm at school in my advisory!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! And there are annoying people sitting behind me!!!!!!!!! Ruby, Miranda, Deavon, and Kody! UGH!
You have group therapy- I mean advisory- at your school too? At least you're allowed on the computer. For us, we just read a stupid book and fill in a chart about how the characters interact. Absolutely useless, except for the fact that it messes up our entire schedule and we get 20 minutes at the end of the day to finish homework.
Your advisory is only 20 minutes?!?! Our's is 45 minutes... along with all 8 of our other periods...
our's is like... 12-15 ish? we just do random games, go outside, have pizza parties. yum!
Someone want to explain to me what the heck an advisory is?
it's like a break from school where you can do anything you want during a certain period nad time, it lasts thirty minutes for us. (that's how it is in my school)
it depends on school, in mine it's a replacement for recess, it's short and depending what teacher you have (you have any teacher not dependent on team, language, or math) and there are about 15-18 kids and you can talk about problems or go outside/play.
I wish we had one of those!
For us, we have advisory every Thursday for 25 minutes. All classes are shortened so we get 20 minutes of "team time" at the end of the day. Sometimes, the core teachers decide to have us do a team activity during core classes, usually involving goal-setting. I tend to put down sarcastic and irrelevant answers, like "How do you plan to acheive this goal?" "Step 1: Practice. Step 2: Practice. Step 3: Practice Step 4: Practice. Step 5: Practice. Step 6: Practice."
Ha, advisory is a whole period for us, but we don't get to talk. >.>
"Advisory? Never heard of it. My school has something called ""Planet Peace"" where once a month (I think) homeroom is extended and you do some sort of team building, anti-bullying activity.

Personally I think it's a waste of time, plus it messes up your schedule because all the periods are shorter."
I want this thing at my school.
"Lol, it sucks if you get a bad advisory teacher though. Some of them send you to detention if you talk.

The Scioly team at our school has advisory together with the coach, who is the yearbook teacher. We get 45 minutes of practice time.... during the school day."
"yeah some advisory teachers make their classes read the beginning of the agenda first week of school. ALOUD. shudders.
I have a really nice one and we had an authentic Chinese food part. yum
I WANTED SO meets in advisory since last year. scratch that almost all of our team did. will never happen"
With our advisor/advisee, we're supposed to talk about goals and stuff. But mine teacher for that just lets us talk the whole time and usually gives us sodas.
"blargh tons of homework blargh

also I have impaled my foot on a toothpick right on the part where you step down when walking and it is irritated every time i take a step"
Uhhh!!! That sucks!!! It makes my foot hurt just thinking about it!!! I hope it feels better soon.
ewww.... That's why I don't want to be a doctor when I grow up. >.>
"lol yea and then the teachers ""but what would we do in 15 minutes?""
""...15 minutes could save you 15% or more on your car insurance!!!"""
HAH. nice job ninja. I have the new onerepublic CD. it's awesome, and I'm borrowing it.
"I love that song!
Avis_de-Incendia wrote:
Lol, it sucks if you get a bad advisory teacher though. Some of them send you to detention if you talk.

The Scioly team at our school has advisory together with the coach, who is the yearbook teacher. We get 45 minutes of practice time.... during the school day.
Yeah. Advisory can be really boring if you don't have a good teacher. Boring. Not detention-sending. I have two of the gym teachers for advisory so we go outside when it's nice and and Tuesdays we go to the HomeEc room and make...food.

Some other advisories have parties, walk around the school wearing capes, walk ""dogs"", do fundraisers, go outside to pick up litter, reflect on something or another, talk about how you should behave in school, play with bouncy balls, jump rope, talk about bullying, etc.

For me, it's really just a period of time where I cram for the next test. >.>

I really wish we had advisory and part of lunch for SO too...actually pretty much everyone did, but that would complicate our schedule so much...and then there are the 9th graders to consider..."
"Advisory aside, what's lunch like in you guys's schools?

Ours is really loud and uncomfortable."
"I'm kinda bad at language arts
I mean, you have nouns, verbs, clauses, independent clauses, subordinating cluases, subordinatating compound sentances, reletive pronouns... the list goes on and on...

WHY? I already know how to speak English! I don't see why I have to take English!!!

At least I also get to learn science!"
"it's actually pretty interesting. but boring sometimes. and also sometimes very complex.
Avis_de-Incendia wrote:
Advisory aside, what's lunch like in you guys's schools?

Ours is really loud and uncomfortable.
ours is loud where people think popping empty doritos bags are still cool. but we have some really funny moments.
The field guide we ordered two weeks ago came today, and my brother's two black friday items also came today. see the difference in time? X.X"
Our chess season starts tomorrow.
"My lunch is well i can't really describe it cause i have only been in the lunch room three days this year during lunch time. For me i get to go off campus for lunch. Ah the greatness of the upper classmen.

On a side not i find it funny that schools require a certian percentage of students to be gone sick for them to close the school. I am wondering if any of you know what percentage of students your schools require to be out sick before they close the school. My school is a really high perctange, 50% which is actually about 150 students

On a third note, I got my hair cut today and i don't really like my hair short"
I don't have a lunch on my schedule I usually eat during AP World History
"Our lunch is okay except for some guys who randomly chuck food around and still find it funny to ""pop"" milk cartons.
At lunch, I eat lunch and do hw, play cards, or sell things at a table for Interact."
I do my homework for the next class that I didn't do the night before while stuffing nachos with weird 2 year old cheese [obvioulsy not that old, but it seems it] in my mouth. I love 15 minute lunches!
synthetic melted cheese is delicious.
http://www.nowpublic.com/world/two-men- ... tic-cheese
when I say synthetic, I'm not 100% sure, but it sure looks synthetic. It might just be the cafeteria preperation
yea , our school cafeteria waters out the nacho cheese
Some of the stuff my school cafeteria serves is actually good, some is...meh, and some is just plain disgusting. Like, who knew cooked carrots could bounce? (My friend tried that one time with my lunch. Needless to say, I didn't eat the rest of it after that.) And who knew scrambled eggs could look and taste so much like a sponge? And I won't even mention the "chinese" food, which is a disgrace to Asians everywhere.
Scrambled eggs? Chinese food? I need to go to your school. All we have is nachos, pizza with solid cheese, sandwiches, and other random little stuff like cookies, tator tots, and fries. Last year our school got free pasta [which they charged us $2.50 for] and it was so good!!! Not just good compared to the other stuff, but good as in I'd eat at my house if I could. They got rid of the pizza this year though so almost no one buys lunch anymore. The pizza was also pretty good last year but this year it's gross.
"the pizza we have is rectangular-ish.
and our chinese food is disgusting too. it's only one meal, general tso's chicken that tastes more like watery chicken nuggets
EDIT: delayed opening for me!"
people dont know how much work goes into S.O. we are not wasting out time!!!!!!
"How come? Snow day?
I wish we had snow here in Houston.."
I haven't had a school lunch in...2 years?
"Some school lunches are terrible. Our lines are just too long.
We have 4 lines: 1 pizza line, 1 snack line, and 2 normal lines. The normal lines change what they serve everyday.
Today was rotoni with meat sauce, MY FAVORITE!"
snow? i wish. it was PT conferences
parent teacher conferences
you have parent teacher confrenses in Jr. High?
Yeah, we have "beef teriyaki with rice and chinese blend vegetables". Basically, other than the rice, everything looks like [all right, I guess I won't say it].
"our rice looks okay, but it's american-style, dry + disgusting.
robodude wrote:
you have parent teacher confrenses in Jr. High?
yes. we do. three days straight. wed. thurs. fri. all delayed openings."
"life is rather like a tin of sardines..." (Alan Bennett).
"Life is like a box of chocolates, you never know what you'll get...your life however is like a box of active gernades!!!"-Stewie Griffen(directed towards Lois(FAMILY GUY))
We lost #0
"I LOST .....
the game

AHAHAHAHAHA. thanks DS!"
"Life is like a grapefruit. It's orange and squishy, has a few pips in it, and some folks have half a one for breakfast.

-Douglas Adams"
wow robodude you have stopped spamming!
No I didn't
"robodude wrote:
Life is like a grapefruit. It's orange and squishy, has a few pips in it, and some folks have half a one for breakfast.

-Douglas Adams
Last edited by robodude on Thu Dec 03, 2009 9:17 pm, edited 1 time in total.
Nice cover up robodude"
mhmm good job
"*coughcough* The flu is no fun to have... *coughcough*... which is why I'm glad I don't have it...
Oh, that? I just had a little cough, thats all.
*COUGHCOUGHHACKHACKCOUGH*
No really, I'm fine."
Snow Day!!!!!!!!!
"this isn't random enough. therefore it=spam.
lol
jk"
OH MY GOD!! ITS SNOWING!! IN HOUSTON!!Can you believe it! It hasn't snowed in years! I can hardly remeber the last time it snowed! WOW!!
"No way! Lucky! There's no snow here yet, and it was like 60 degrees yesterday!

EDIT: You know what I just thought about? The fact that the most users on at the same time was 46. We should organize a time for a bunch of people to come on and break that record. It would be fun."
"Yah, I thought about that before... we should.
Anyone wana make a new topic to come up with a date/time?"
Anyone see that World Cup draw? USA! USA! USA! Come on, let's here it! USA! USA!....
I actually was thinking that too! Do you mean we should make a new thread for it?
Algeria and Slovenia seem pretty intimidating.
Yeah! Who wants to start it?
lets all log in at new years eve around 12
Um.. could we get in trouble for doing something like that?
i don't think so...massive login failure
"For starting a new thread? No, I don't think so, but it would have to be in general chat, since it doesn't quite count as a posting game...

We would miss the ball dropping though. What about March 2nd? Then it would say:

The most members was _____ on 3/2/10"
"hah. that's a good idea lol.
3-2-1-0
random note: This is the 250th page of this thread!
so much spam!"
"But we need a specific time, unless everyone agrees to log in in the morning, and just keep their computer on all day at school.
Who wants to make the thread?"
You laugh, but I could see Slovenia, at least, beating the U.S. They let in 4 goals in 10 games in European qualifying, which is pretty pigeon good. Honestly, the U.S. is way overrated. We (Denmark) beat them 3-1, and we're not even that good. I don't really like Denmark's draw that much either. I mean, Holland, Cameroon, and Japan. Should be interesting, though.
The amount of users online has been in the 400s before on the old site.
OMG YES I HEARD!!!!!!! the last time I was there and it was snowing was definitely at least 3 years ago! and I heard it was A LOT for houston!!
well it snowed last year in houston just not as much and it was barely classifiable as snow
And Ghana wasn't supposed to be that good last year, and they wound up making the second round and beating the US. Don't underestimate anyone, even if they don't seem as competitive, just like in Science Olympiad.
"My pick for the Group of Death:
Brazil
North Korea
Portugal
Ivory Coast


That was a beauty of a draw, the US couldn't have gotten much better results except for maybe drawing the French or the South Africans rather than the English, however very pleasing. Honestly, Algeria sucks east, they haven't made a world cup in like 40 years and the Slovenians are easily the worst European team to qualify...neither one is going to be the next Ghana. I would argue your point in regards to SO too but I don't feel like it."
"Now i will say that probably none of you can ever complain about the cold in your area

Right now here in Buena Vista it feels like it is -6
The lowest recorded temp for my town tho has been -42

\"
"Monk is over
But it ended with an epic episode."
"Yah, that was a pretty good episode. I tried to figure it all out, but was unable to do so. But looking back at it, I should have been able to solve it. I mean, what are the odds that
SPOILER (CLICK TO SHOW HIDDEN TEXT)
And then when
SPOILER (CLICK TO SHOW HIDDEN TEXT)
And it even showed the
SPOILER (CLICK TO SHOW HIDDEN TEXT)
in one of the scenes! It gave you all the pieces you need, even without
SPOILER (CLICK TO SHOW HIDDEN TEXT)
.

Ugh. Life as no meaning anymore. They should have at least gone to the 10th season. That would make more sense!
As soon as the complete series comes out on DVD, I'm buying it!!!

Monk is by far the 2nd best show ever."
I was in my town's Christmas parade for Scioly this morning!!! Lot's of fun even if it was cold, not as cold as last year though!!
Yeah, that's what I'll do.
It's Portugal, not the Netherlands in that group, and Slovenia beat Russia to get to the WC, so I really wouldn't underestimate them. Also, the U.S. are going to be missing Onyewu, and he's a key part of their defense.
"Ah, finally snowing here.

Too bad it's 2 degrees out though, so it'll melt."
Snow, snow, where art thou snow? It's everywhere but here. I thought in Kansas all you had to do if you didn't like the weather was wait ten minutes. I'm waiting...
I MLIA!!!!!!
it's snowing. big. but it's not sticking.
It's snowing here too, and it is sticking. It's not very deep, but everything except for the roads is covered with snow.
It's been snowing, and it is sticking. I went outside to take pics. and it looks white and fluffy! not too cold.
What state?
The state with snow. Well, one of them at least...
How was it snowing big? I was playing football and it wasn't a lot...And even now after 5 hours we barely have a coating.
LET'S GO CLINTON!!!!!!!!!!!! BEAT THOSE SEAHAWKS!!!!!!
It has been snowing here for awhile now.
"Ive got 5 inches of snow and i really want to sing right now (no reason)
I took the Sat's earlier today (rather easy)
and has EASTstroudsburg13 been on recently?"
"Today was a pretty terrible day.

And consider, that most days in my life recently have been bad."
My meditation class today was awesome! After we meditated, we went into the tea room and had this delicious 100 year old black tea on heated floors in the candle light with pomegranate chocolates and soothing music with snow falling outside in the dark.
Ok...
not suicidal or depressing at all.
"Actually go a state to the west and subtract 5 minutes.

Seriously the end of the second week of baseball pratice last year in one day we go bright sun, snow, rain, sleet, and hail countless times in the day. Colorado and more importantly BV is Bi-polar when i can be snowing one minute and sunny the next minute.

FML"
It wasn't sticking for the first few hours, but then it started to stick so we've officially got about 2 mm of snow. Yippee. I'd go make a snowball, but I don't think there's enough snow in my my yard to make one.
"I promise you that your big is not our big. A single, tiny snowflake falls and everyone is like ""ITS SNOWING!!"" and they shut down the schools.

We never get snow."
Ugh. There's snow EVERYWHERE. It's very annoying. Plus it's cold.
It snowed basically the whole day yesterday here, but it's all melting now...We got maybe 1/4 inch, but that's only on the grass, not the roads or anything.
"our first snowfall this school year was yesterday...
can't wait to throw some snowballs"
yeah you guys should be glad that your snow is melting. In my town we have about 3 inches and it is still comming down hard with it not looking like the snow is going to let up.
"yeah i love snow...
too bad i have a project to do..."
"Na na na~~ nana na na na na na, nanana~~ Katamari Damacy~~

This thread isn't random enough anymore..."
No it ishnot lol haha
It should be renamed "Discuss various topics".
I am drinking microwave apple cider.
"sad face...
I cant upload pictures to facebook..."
I'm just testing this new theme for my profile... but I most likely won't keep it. What does everyone think? Change it back to THGTTG, or keep it Katamari themed?
change it back
well i dont remember what your old one looked like but please change it back
Does anyone know what it is???
it was like a green face sticking its tongue out
"no no.. that was my Hitchhiker's Guide themed account... does anyone know what theme I have it as now?
EDIT: yah, I'm going to change it back. I don't like it near as much."
It's funny how much you can tell about a person by observing what they do with their chocolate wrappers.
"ok...
I like kiwi!!!!
this is the 3800th post in this forum!!!
lol"
From Life, the Universe, and Everything.
randomness
I probably should be typing up notes right now, but I'm too lazy to. So much for getting work done over the weekend.
Im doing a project right now, so what?
Congrats starpug on 500 posts!!!
"After the release of the BCS bowls and seeing that TCU and Boise St are playing each other in the Fiesta Bowl, am I the only one who is thinking the BCS is saying ""ok we're letting 2 of you mid-majors in but we're not going to give you a chance to play one of the bigs namesand upset them, we're going to make you play each other."" I mean it favors the major conferences, the last thing the BCS wants is 2 mid majors upsetting BCS conference teams so they decide to have the solution that has none of them get upset. Thus making this year have little impact on the argument for a playoff except on the BCS' side because two mid-majors got in.

Just my thoughts........"
wait a sec, science test tomorrow I haven't studied for...
lol me too!!
Seeing as you're so obsessed with HGTTG, did you get the new book, robodude?
"What? Do you mean And Another Thing?

I do not consider that a book, at all. The fact that Eoin Colfer even thinks he is worthy to write a Hitchhiker's book, puts all Douglas Adams fans to shame. Douglas Adams is the only person who is worthy to write a book of such epic porportions. I used to like the Artemis Fowel series, but I have developed a deep dislike for Eoin Colfer ever since I learned that he wrote that book. I made the great mistake of reading the first chapter. He did the unthinkable: he gave the book a plot. No Hitchhiker's book is supposed to have a plot.

Obviously, I don't like the book. I don't consider it a part of the series.
So, other than that book (which doesn't count) I have all 5 books in the trillogy.

The first 4 are in my awesome More than Complete Hitchhiker's Guide (which is leather bound! It's my prize posetion), which also has a short story, Young Zaphod Plays it Safe, and a prelude, A Guide to the Guide

My friend is letting my borrow Mostly Harmless.
I also own Dirk Gently's Hollistic Detective Agency, and ordered The Meaning of Liff and The Deeper Meaning of Liff, and my friend is ordering The Salmon of Doubt

I plan to read to all of Douglas Adams books!"
"Yeah I can agree with robodude here, I'm still just going through the first book, and by far its Douglas Adams' writing that makes the series (or at least the first book) what it is.

Besides that, I really dislike Eoin Colfer. I did not like the Artemis foul series at all when I read it a while ago."
I liked the Artemis Fowl series (at least enough to keep it on my bookshelf). The writing is okay, but I was intrigued by the character of Artemis Fowl. The thing about The Hitchhiker's Guide is that it's certainly amusing, but it doesn't have much for a plot. It's an interesting book... the humor seems more geared towards an older population (I mean that relatively; maybe early twenties) but it's sort of a "classic" that you read if you don't have the ability (or maturity) to read some of the greater works of literature. Do you see what I mean? (You probably don't).
"Bleh...I have a concert and a recital in the same week. Oh well, at least I can get rid of two more piles of music (leaving only um, 4 piles that I have to practice).

On a different note, I love American Cultures class...we hardly do anything at all and tomorrow, we get to debate about whether we think the Supreme Court made the right decisions in particular cases that involve things like students' right to privacy and their freedom of speech. It's going to be a fun day."
"Hurray! I have increased my post count to 123- get it? 1, 2, 3? HAHA! I'm so easily entertained.
Oh, and Starpug noticed in chat the other day that andrewwski has 666 posts- hey was like ""HOLY **** he is the devil!"" it was pretty funny.
Once again, another example at how easily entertained I am.
But, then again, I have a not-so-rare mental problem called OLSS, which affects how easily entertained I am. It has to do with the part of your brain called the something or another, and
OH LOOK! SOMETHING SHINY!!!"
Isn't a concert and a recital basically the same thing?
Well, to me, a concert is with string/full orchestra and a recital is a group of the same instruments playing or a soloist. I don't know why I think of them this way. It just is.
Gargle.
spit!
3819
"3820!!

Yay!!

We made it!"
My trajectory partner just came back from the bathroom with some big wet spots on his pants. Awkward....
"It's not that hard to read all of his books. I'm not even a fan, and I've read them all except the Liff ones.

On another note, I haven't read And Another Thing either, but I'm pretty sure the plot, as you so dramatically put it, was brought in because he needed to get all the characters together again. Also, Douglas Adams did say he was unsatisfied with how the series ended, and he already had plans for another book, and I can't think of anybody more capable of writing that book than Eoin Colfer. Besides, he did get permission from Adams' widow, too."
"Someone in my (Science Olympiad) homeroom had a shirt today that read, ""Fluoride & Uranium & Carbon & Potassium""
There were many snickers in the room."
Does anyone want to do a college bowl picking group? I don't know if there's that much interest in that...
can you have 5 books in a trilogy? i thought a trilogy was three books...
"A trilogy is three books. 5 is the new 3.

New sig!"
"I will now make a list of the times that Douglas Adams made sense:

Theres your list.
Some call it a ""Double Trilogy"", because if you get really technical, there are actually 6 books, but if you get a little bit more technical, there are only 5.

Douglas Adams has ""logical insanity"" that allows him to do something like this. He also has bistromathmatics on his side. Just right out 5=3 on the back of a waiter's check pad, and everything will make sense.
only those uber Hitchhiker's geeks like me who have read the 2nd book will understand above joke."
"HAHAHAHAHA ""bistromathematics"" I GET IT

Remember,numbers dance on waiters' check pads."
"Yes, bistromathmatics is the idea that numbers follow a special set of laws when written on the back of a waiter's checkpad. The laws depend on three factors.
The first factor is the arrival time of the party. This is a special phenominon in mathmatics, because this number is equal to everything but itself, which means the arrival time is the one time that you are guarentied that noone will arive.
The second factor is who arivies at the party, who was invited, who comes when they see there is a party, and who leaves when they see who else is at the part.
The last factor is the price of the dinner, how much each person is supposed to pay, how much each person acctually pays, who actualy pays, and how much someone else has to pay to make up for the people that didn't pay.

If you can controll these three factors, you can make numbers do anything.
I'm still working on perfecting it!"
"uhh. i know this is random because it's THGTTG, but it's still not random.
im baking macadamia-white chocolate cookies."
That is very true. There are those who fold it neatly. Those who make art out of it. Those who flatten it and accidentally rip a piece off, destroying the universe. And those who crumple it up and throw it away.
"SO Personality Types:

the Overachiever (""don't worry, I memorized the whole textbook on this"")
the Slacker (""I know I have nothing done; I'll finish it all tonight"")
the Worrier (""where's the [building event]? Do you have the [study event] notes?"" <-all said in a near-hysterical voice while running around for no obvious reason)
the Optimist (""No doubt we'll get first, even if they are better than us"")
the Pessimist (""Watch us epically fail..."")
the Realist (""Um, people? Calm down. You're not helping by doing nothing."")"
Don't you have to agree that apples have feelings?? Cause they do.
http://in.answers.yahoo.com/question/in ... 451AAUhrYm
...b-but... how... did you know...?!
"she's the one that folds it over as many times as possible.
XD
AlphaTauri wrote:
SO Personality Types:

the Overachiever (""don't worry, I memorized the whole textbook on this"")
the Slacker (""I know I have nothing done; I'll finish it all tonight"")
the Worrier (""where's the [building event]? Do you have the [study event] notes?"" <-all said in a near-hysterical voice while running around for no obvious reason)
the Optimist (""No doubt we'll get first, even if they are better than us"")
the Pessimist (""Watch us epically fail..."")
the Realist (""Um, people? Calm down. You're not helping by doing nothing."")
glad to be the last one."
"i am never the first one >.>
*goes back to re memorizing his Meteorology book*
>.>"
"I'm all of them.
Don't worry; I've memorized the whole Wiki page on the Oort cloud.
---What about the Kuiper belt?
Don't worry; I'll do it after these events.
Now where's JYC? Where's Shock Value? WHERE IS IT????
Oh, there it is. We are so going to fail epically. Unless everyone else sucks, then we're going to win. Even if everyone is better than us, we're just that good. Now settle down, you're stressing me out.
Yes, that was me. If you don't believe me, just ask smarticle13. He was there."
im sleepy
"It sort of depends on the event whether I overachieve (Solar System) or slack off (Anatomy), so I'd have to say I'm a combination of Overachiever, Slacker, Pessimist, and Realist.

I have a 2-hour delay today! (<-which is the only reason I'm on the computer at 6:30ish in the morning.)"
"Snow Day

It's only 9-14 inches of snow"
"My town had that much snow yesterday and we still had school.

ugg i have a week and a half till school is over"
2nd snow day of the year! and today wasn't even that bad. tomorrow's supposed to be way worse.
Wow. I have a snow day today and there's maybe 2-4 inches on the ground. But I think it's mostly because of the ice.
Same here. We normally get out because of ice, not snow. Although I think we may have had school today if it hadn't snowed on Saturday and there was still snow on the ground.
Sometimes we have a snow day when there's hardly an inch of snow. That because some of the other towns in my district have more though. I guess that's an advantage of being a big district
We had a snow day yesterday and one today because about half of the state is basically buried under about 10 inches of snow.
i am so sick of ice on top of snow

Epic quote.
I was going to say that I didn't know how you got so many smiles, but now I see.
Yup. And they're all laughing at you.
Our district has a fantastic policy of closing down all schools if the dinkiest back-road can't be safely driven through by busses. If only it had actually snowed today...
"Our school district is ridiculously mean about snowdays
We have to get a lot of snow for one to happen, and I mean a lot.

Although, our semi-new superintendent is better about them then the last one, today we already had a 1 hr delay which was nice."
Normally we wouldn't get out with this little snow, but it's the first storm of the season and the white out conditions were predicted to come right when school was getting out so, tada.
"I would actually argue the reverse, the new superintendent wouldn't know as well what conditions around here warrant snow days and what don't. Thus she's a lot more strict. Also, what we do depends a lot on what ESM and JD do. My logic for today with the one hour was ESM got 2, JD got nothing so she averaged them.
Anyway, our school district seems to think one day off will absolutely kill us. Winter Break (Christmas break but I have to be politically correct) seems to get closer to Christmas every year. It used to be that we'd probably have off the whole week of Christmas, (the 21st on) but now we have to go to school on the 23rd so our first break day is Christmas eve (kind of counter productive since so many kids go away those days)."
"my school didn't get a delayed opening even though schools around us did...
i am green with envy

Stupid Quote of the Day
""You spelled narwhals wrong! There's no h in narwhals!"" - Physics class"
you don't like snow days?
i love snow days ^_^
What was worse was this morning in my town with Wind Chill it was -20 which i have found out is really butterfly cold.
oh, sorry, i read your post wrong
"Agh you lucky people who have snow days!!!!

Also..."
I wish that we would wake up to two feet of snow on December 21st and not have school for the whole (3-day) week, so we would get an extended Christmas- I mean, Winter Break. Even that ice storm from last year would be nice. Although this time, I would prefer that my power not go out and that no tree branches fall anywhere near my house...
wait...you mean I'm not the only one whose break doesn't start until insanely close to Christmas? that makes me feel better
"lol mine starts like 24th. i think.
our snow days are excuses to use up days so our school year finishes on a friday. i want to keep it that way."
I honestly doubt that school district would be brave enough to schedule classes on christmas eve
The school year in my district seems to always finish on a wednesday. It's weird...
2 snow days in a row. not bad
"lucky! I am yellow with envy.

On another note, I am in the hallway listening to All The Right Moves by One Republic pretending to do SO....then again, I am on this forum so I am technically doing SO..."
Does anyone agree with me that apples have feelings??? They do!!!
Apples only have feelings until they fall off the tree. They regain them if their seeds are planted and begin to grown. -nodnod-
"good song.


EDIT: does anyone else see the ""yellow"" part... hehe its funny."
"CODE: SELECT ALL
It's really cold outside. :(  What does this code thing do anyway? "
"its for strings of code that would otherwise do something in a post
CODE: SELECT ALL
[img][/img][url][/url][list][/list]
or for a section of code
CODE: SELECT ALL
<html xmlns=""http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"" dir=""ltr"" lang=""en-gb"" xml:lang=""en-gb""> 
<head> 
 
<meta http-equiv=""content-type"" content=""text/html; charset=UTF-8"" /> 
<meta http-equiv=""content-style-type"" content=""text/css"" /> 
<meta http-equiv=""content-language"" content=""en-gb"" /> 
<meta http-equiv=""imagetoolbar"" content=""no"" /> 
<meta name=""resource-type"" content=""document"" /> 
<meta name=""distribution"" content=""global"" /> 
<meta name=""copyright"" content=""2002-2006 phpBB Group"" /> 
<meta name=""keywords"" content="""" /> 
<meta name=""description"" content=""Science Olympiad Student Center"" /> 
 
<title>Science Olympiad Student Center &bull; Post a reply</title> 
 
<script type=""text/javascript""> 
// <![CDATA[
 var jump_page = 'Enter the page number you wish to go to:';
 var on_page = '';
 var per_page = '';
 var base_url = '';
 var style_cookie = 'phpBBstyle';
 var onload_functions = new Array();
 var onunload_functions = new Array();
 
 
 
 /**
 * Find a member
 */
 function find_username()
 {
  
  return false;
 }
 
 /**
 * New function for handling multiple calls to window.onload and window.unload by pentapenguin
 */
 window.onload = function()
 {
  for (i = 0; i <= onload_functions.length; i++)
  {
   eval(onload_functions[i]);
  }
 }
 
 window.onunload = function()
 {
  for (i = 0; i <= onunload_functions.length; i++)
  {
   eval(onunload_functions[i]);
  }
 }
 
// ]]>
</script> "
edit: i reached my limit.
There isn't a limit to how many smileys you can put in one post. I proved that a while ago.
"I like the Percy Jackson and the Olympians series. I guess it goes torward a younger audience (9 & up) but its SOOOOOO ENTERTAINING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
The movie is coming out soon and I'm SOOOOOOOOOOO EXCITED!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
how do you make more than 10 smilies?

You had better watch what you say. I know what school you go to.
The 100 Years War is leet.
all of these books are very good! I love them all! I read them all recently...
triple snow day! first time in school history!
Apples do have feelings and are not to be thrown at people.
No, they have feelings 24/7.
Yeah yeah.
HAPPY FIRST DAY OF HANNUKAH!!!
YAAAAAAAY! Winter break is 11 school days away!
MERRY 14-DAY-EARLY CHRISTMAS
I second that. Although, it doesn't technically start until a bit later...
Happy Hannukah!
im disappointed to say the least. for some reason, the coaches decided that every person on the team can only to 0,1,or 2 events...i wanted to do three...
Second day of hannukah
No, first day of Hannukah, second night of Hannukah. Sorry, but I had to clear up that technicality.
Fine to be technical the second "night" of Hanukah.
"hah. im a rebel.
Happy Channukah!"

That's really weird. I think on my team, the least anyone has is 3 events.
If you have 15 people doing 2 events each, there's no way you can do all the events.
Why would coaches even put a limit to the amount of events a person can do?
"because they're not competent.

i only have two events"
"I have Meteorology, Solar System, Compute This, and JYC... I get 4!!
I wish I got Shock Value, but I have conflicts..."
I'm practicing in all the ones in my siggie, but I can only do 4 of them due to schedule conflicts.
one person on our team is doing like 7 events ... he is actually beasting them right now
We've got 23 people on our team. 18 are competing. 15 regional events. it works. it sucks. they don't know who's good with who and who's good at what. two people were put on ornithology who absolutely loath each other. its sad.
Wow, that's weird. I'm suddenly grateful for my relatively normal Regionals, not that I'm going to be there. On my team, events are assigned based on who does the best on that section in a tryout test, not on who works well together and only sometimes based on who likes each event, so we get people slacking off on purpose (guilty) and pairs of people screaming at each other before competition (also guilty).
the people on our events aren't good at them, because the coaches dont test their skills. and they dont work well either
My team has at most 10 people. Luckily for us, Massachusetts doesn't run all of the events
"I'm not against limiting the amount of events people do. When going through and deciding on our team, we'd try to put each person in 2-3 events. We had to compete in 18 events for regionals, with a team of 15 that wouldn't be possible if people only did 2 events. However, I would never give anyone more than 3 events. Much better to spread the workload around and let everyone put more time into their events. Building events were different - sometimes there'd be people competing in more - but that can be even more stressful. I did 4 events one year - did relatively well but not as well as I would have liked.

Now, if we were to have made states and had to do all 24 or 25 events, that would have been different. There would need to be a lot of people doing three events, some possibly more."
i have a very big itch in my throat
"I plan on being my team's captain and doing 5 events at regionals and then 5 or 6 at states....
and if we get to nats(we shall see) Im still doing 6"
"how come you only do 18 events at regionals?????
We do all 23!!!!!"
The only event our reigonals isn't doing is Egg O Naut, I think because it got canceled last year due to weather, and they just don't want to bother this year...
You guys have team captains? At my school, we're all equal. (Ahhh! Communism in SO! Run!) Well, sort of. Basically, the people who have been in SO longer get to boss around the new people. I currently have 5 events, but I'm probably going to have to drop one at States 'cause there's probably going to be a conflict and if we get to nats (<- warning: this chance is smaller than the chance of winning the lottery and getting struck by lightning on the same day) I'm probably going to keep my events.
we have a president vice president secretary historian, etc., so we have a legit club
I would be quite surprised if the schedule worked out so you could do 6 events. I would argue doing 6 is actually counter productive. Give one of them to someone with not as many events who can focus on it more.
one of my teammates has 7... and he is pwning them all...
"We only have 6 time slots at PA States, so you'd have to get lucky if you want to compete in 6 events (unless 2 or more are building events- then you might have a better chance). I would think that doing 6 events would just stress you out and you wouldn't get as much done for each event. My personal maximum is 5.
robodude wrote:
one of my teammates has 7... and he is pwning them all...
The most events anyone from my school has ever gotten is 6 (and that was only because she was awesome at all of them, apparently). Usually, people get about 4."
i just realized that there's a word bubble(i forgot;whats it called?) behind scioly.org.
"yep. word bubble. we only have like 15 events at regions... fail.
humidifiers are awesome!"
sure does beat out our boring old smilies...

"I wouldn't suggest trying that 49ers... even I did only 5.

I pretty much have to do 5 to help our team not fail. We just don't have enough people."
"Alabama has only 5 time slots, and my events tend to overlap... i have 4 events
we have 15 people on our team"
I just got the schedule for MA states and there's only 3 event blocks plus building events.
Woah, only 3 event slots? (And lucky you, getting your states schedule this early.)
regions has 5 for us. including building.... and we have 19 people.
Lots of people.
I am doing six this year, and so is one of my partners. We have less than 15 on our team, so we need people to participate in a high number of events. We're good to go if there are 5 or 6 time slots (there usually are here), because we can fit events such as trajectory and pentathlon in the same time slot.
"beh. our team has been waiting two weeks for the team list, and the captains tell us we're getting it by email. this weekend.
tomorrow's the last day of school! seriously, i know they had finals too, but i really think they should have gotten it all done ages ago. we need time to study, the invitational is technically less than a month and a half away! plus, i'm going somewhere over break and probably won't have too much time to study. ugh. well, rant is over.

...technically it's mostly just me, kjhsscioly, and a another friend who want the two freshman slots open on the team..."
Wow, and your sad. I only had ONE event (note the had ) and now for our next invitational I'm a SUB. But at least I can still go. And I only sub for this one. Stupid Team B.
lalalala. merry Christmas, Kwanzaa, Hanukkah everyone!
"You forgot Chinese New Year. (Even though it's not for two more months.)

I love Chinese New Year. I get to hang out with all my Asian friends."
"lamest quote since yesterday:

""go buy yourself a brain"""
Hurray! Just got out of school (early dismissal) and the Winter break has started!!!
Wait for the bell... there it is! WINTER BREAK!
"You have winter break already? Mine starts on the 24th.

But at least it's the last night of Hanukkah!"
WHAT!!! Ours gets closer to christmas every year, this year we have to go to school on the 23rd and then we have break. Also I love how all of the teachers and basically everyone calls it Christmas Break but the school has to be politically correct so they officially call it WInter Break
It is winter break, because it's the winter. I don't care about Christmas (no offense to anyone). On Christmas, I'll probably study for SO the entire day.
How is that good? And why don't you care about Christmas?
"this is cool
Your City's weather in Starwars"
Because I don't celebrate it. And the last night of Hanukkah is good because that's when my family gives presents. Scheduled for, maybe, half an hour from now. Plus, the menorah is fully lit.
I celebrate both, oddly enough, because I have parents from both religions.
ok and why is THAT bad?
"I never said it was.

I got AWESOME presents."
Huge snowstorm approaching.
"Huge snowstorm still not here yet.

It's supposed to start at around 9 or so."
wrong! there are flurries already. look outside
There's already 1-2 inches on the ground here. And it's supposed to keep snowing til about midnight. I love snow.
Yeah same. I think we have more than 2 inches though. I love snow too.
We have none yet.
The snow stopped. Just...stopped
"I think the weather has a codebook that requires huge storms to come on weekends, thus not always affecting school.
Why cant that thing move north into Central New York"
Measuring about 8 inches in my backyard currently. And only halfway done the storm!
Hopefully we get a snow day on Monday.
yay! The snow's back! And theres a decent amount too!
No snow here...yet. This history project is EVIL!
At least it's only one project. I have math homework, something to write for american cultures, a science study guide to finish, and I have to study French for a quiz on Monday. I swear, my teachers all conspire to give us a ton of homework right before Christmas break. Consider yourself lucky.
Seriously? Even if it snows through tomorrow morning...no way.
I don't have to go to school on Monday
"haha
I am now on Break"
That's most probably because of the same reason that high schoolers get a ton of homework before breaks. Teachers who plan badly try to cram everything right before break so you always have a ton of stuff to do before winter, spring, and sometimes summer breaks.
We have to read a 500+ page biography on an American figure. We then have to COMPLETELY fill up 50 4x6 note cards of notes. I never realized how big 4x6 note cards were or how much info you could fit on one until now. That's only part one. Part two is an essay on the person. It's due Monday and I'm only on note card #8 and page 102. Plus homework from other subjects. I would gladly trade with you!
Well what are you waiting for!? Get to work!
"Alphatauri...that's nothing :p
But seriously Pleiades, that sucks. If your break starts soon (as I'm sure it does), why didn't the teacher just make it due after break? Seems kind of harsh."
Break for us starts Thursday And the teacher is just evil like that. The class itself is really easy if you do well on tests [they're 80% of your grade] so she always has to make up for the easiness by giving us difficult term projects. I feel really lucky though because the term two project for previous years was even worse. They had to do 100 6x4 note cards on their topic for national history day. It would be really hard to procrastinate on that!
Wow... I do National History Day, but I could never imagine filling out 100 note cards.
best of luck, pleiades~!
i am expected to do 2 projects over break for ONE class both due the week we get back from break. im dead.
Suddenly I feel grateful for my pile of homework. And as for the notecards, write really wide and space it out. I always do that when we have to write X number of lines for journal entries. (I know, I'm such a cheater.)
You're now hailing the sage wise-man (Me), who was the only one on our team smart enough not to take KIDS.
KIDS is awesome. So far we've only had one project, and two in class essays. Your class has like 10 projects a month, but luckily your teacher gives out waaaaay too much extra credit.
That's not the teacher's problem. You're just a procrastinator. You should have finished them by now.
aghhhhhhhhhh. im too lazy to study.
"SNOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

That is all i have to say."
What's KIDS?
It's the elitist Language Arts class for the 8th graders in the middle school.
All the other language arts courses sound more boring and have more homework.
In my opinion, it's the "elitist" programs that are boring. We don't have specifically the KIDS program, but we have many others that I generally avoid because they teach stuff that I could care less about. Just give me the regular curriculum and a textbook, tell me what to do and I'll do it. It's much simpler this way.
Yeah, I think I peaked at 173% in the 1st quarter thanks to all of the extra credit. But everyone I've talked to says KIDS is REALLY boring.
our districts "elitist" program covers all the core subjects, and is for 4th - 8th grade. It is actually really hard... we got 10x as much homework, but we always get good teachers. It was great in 4th grade because we occasionally went on exploratory field trips (no one knew where we were going). It was, however, in no way boring
Agh! outisde was so cold and fun. but really cold of course.
no more snow for houston
So it's 3:20AM and I'm pretty much finished with that history project. I'm also not tired
173? That's awesome. The only thing about KIDS is that he grades things really really harshly--things that you don't even notice or think should be graded.
Ahh... I love Christmas break...
"going to disney world this afternoon!!!

bye y'all!!!"
Yeah thats part of it...
Dr. House is a great cook!
"I think I'm gona change my quote in my sig... Yup, I am!
Check it out... I'm changing it right now!"
Who is this "everyone?"
"Define cold!!!!
I mean what Tempature are you talking about"










"Merry Christmas, everyone!
No, I don't care about being politically correct, either."
"it seems i'm the only person on this earth who still supports Tiger Woods

MERRY CHRISTMAS!!!
i don't like political correctness either....people care about it too much these days, I miss when Christmas Break was actually called that by the schools..... nowadays it's ""Winter Break"" even though everyone knows why we have break now"
"I looked up to tiger when I was little.. I can't just give up on him now. Yes, I golf.
Oh and my field hockey coach calls me Tiger Got that name from him."
"OMG EVERYONE, WATCH AVATAR.
IT'S EPIC!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

And have a happy christmas my dear friends!"
"I really want to see that movie. But I don't feel like going to the movie theatre (read: I'm too lazy to go). Ah well, the miracles of the internet.

And while we're on the subject: http://www.ninja.com
Gotta love Google."
OMG I SAW IT TODAY!!!!!! it was good! though I didn't realize how long it'd be. but yes, very good!
ive been using that since ...idk...the only downside is that you cant search images...or videos...or anything else but txt for that matter.
this is the 4010th post.
really? well you know what? this is the 4011th post!
Last night, I dreamt that the beakers that are next to each forum had been replaced by different sized circles.
What's weirder, the dream itself or the fact you were dreaming about the forums?
"im pretty sure its the second...
my stupid ihome resets its clock and alarm everytime i unplug it from the outlet...."
yeah they all do...most clocks in general do...
Pennsylvanians, beware. I'm coming to your state. Since it's winter break I won't steal all your SO secrets.
"Why not just call it Christmas break? Everyone knows that's why we don't have school right now (and I hate political correctness).

On a different note, I hate being sick. I'm feeling rather miserable right now."
"You hate political correctness? Does that mean that you call Native Americans Indians (just one example)? Even if it restricting, it's necessary to be considerate of other races/ethnicities.

Why should I call it Christmas break? I don't celebrate Christmas, and really, it has no affect on my winter break. Because the majority of the people in my school (and probably the vast majority in your school if you wouldn't even think that someone wouldn't celebrate Christmas) do celebrate Christmas, yes, you could say it is one of the main reasons for our break at this time. The holidays seem to have good timing though with both Kwanzaa and New Years Eve/Day being in the break, and Hanukkah sometimes in the break. Again, this sort of occurs with spring break. Obviously, as I've already said, more people celebrate Easter at my school. This year (and many other years), also has Passover during the break. Does that make it solely Easter break?"
What school?
"I think that's a tad harsh eyeball but anyway,

It's not the political correctness that bugs me, it's the fact that people try too hard to be politically correct. There's such a big fuss these days over what terms to use and the like. I mean the fact that people bothered to complain about that we call ""Winter Break"" ""Christmas Break"" or that the school boards even brought it up at meetings and had it changed is for lack of a better word, dumb. Don't the school boards and those people have better things to worry about?

On another note that kind of ties in, a lawyer recruited a former Nebraska QB to file a Class-Action suit against EA Sports and the NCAA for using/allowing the use of players that look and act too similar to the real person in the video games (and the fact that you can download the real roster and set the name to the actual thing). The QB says he's not doing it for the money. Am I the only one who doesn't believe him and thinks that he probably got a speech from the lawyer about how he'll make thousands?
Honestly, all we're doing is trying to play a game using our favorite players and teams, is it really killing you that they all but put you fully in the game? I personally would find it awesome to be in a video game."
"No, I just hate it when people go overboard with trying to be politically correct, like ""alternative answer"" instead of wrong answer, or ""non-motivated"" instead of lazy. I have nothing against people who don't celebrate Christmas (I'm not Christian and my family seems to celebrate Christmas just as an excuse to put up decorations everywhere), but it does seem to be the major reason why we have no school, so why not acknowledge it as such? Sorry if I'm not making much sense.

Maybe we should move this to the Politics thread."
That's essentially my view also.
"The wrong answer example is just a stupid case of political correctness, and I see no point to it. Basically, I don't think it matters for those kinds of cases, but when it comes to discussing another ethnicity, like Native Americans, I think it is important. Sorry if I came over as a little harsh, but I thought your comment of hating political correctness was a little extreme.

If you want to call it Christmas break, go ahead. Winter break just is a more fair term to the approximately 4% of Americans who don't celebrate Christmas. I wouldn't be offended if I heard someone call it Christmas break, but I just don't think that everyone should be expected to call it that. Again, Christmas really has no affect on my break, so I won't call it that."
Got songs from sound of music stuck in my head. I watched the movie last night.
Yeah, I have to agree with you there. Sorry for not explaining what I really meant. To me, the Native Americans/Indians scenario isn't really political correctness because "Native Americans" isn't an euphemism for anything, it's a historically accurate name, but things like "wrong answer" and "alternative answer" is just going too far.
"lol i watched sound of music last night too.
At the end, the nuns were like ""Mother, I have sinned!"" and then they held up the car parts they stole. I laughed.
It was good. ^_^"
robodude guess what!?!?!? I just got back from Fry's! It was AWESOME
"HAH. me too.
pjolala wrote:
Got songs from sound of music stuck in my head. I watched the movie last night.
""the hills are alive... with the sound of music!""
""climb every mountain, ford every stream!""
and i watched the pacifier last week, so I have those songs still in my head.

btw, can you guys move the political correctness convo somewhere else? thanks.
and another thing, christmas (with santa and reindeer) are not really related to christianity, some christians don't celebrate christmas. just a note."
I've seen that movie so many times...but still a very good movie.
I agree with all this too, plus, Winter Break simply sounds better than Christmas break.
la...la...la...
uggg i wish i could just stop thinking about her.
Just discovered facebook has a length limit for its wall posts, my friend challenged my to write a really really really really really really (a ton more really's) long wall post on her wall but I had to split it into 4 parts
"nice.

not this again."
"Hey this is going to be the only mention of ""her"".

I just needed to get my thoughts out."
"i can write the alphabet in mirror writing in 24 seconds. (In my normal handwriting it takes me 15 seconds)
I know this is really random.... i was very bored."
"i can write my entire alphabet UPSIDE DOWN.
IN 58 SEC.

Beat that."
Yesterday
"pjolala wrote:
i can write my entire alphabet UPSIDE DOWN.
IN 58 SEC.

Beat that.
I can write the whole Chinese zhuyin ""alphabet""...in a minute and 38 seconds.

Beat that.

Note: it took me 5 tries and 10 minutes on the Wikipedia article to be able to write the whole thing from memory. I fail at Chinese."
I can solve a rubix cube in 40 seconds...so don't beat thatbecause you can't!!!
Are you Chinese?
"tclme_elmo wrote:
AlphaTauri wrote:
...and I'm 100% chinese.
High five."
"zhu yin?
I barely even know what that is.. and I'm chinese too.
dark chocolate hot cocoa is very bitter"
"SOMEDAY ASIANS WILL RULE THE WORLD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
(I myself is also chinese

zhuyin? I thought it was pingyin?
Oh well...
Do any of you guys go to a chinese school of some sort (I DID until I quit)"
I have solved a rubik's cube in about 30 seconds
"pingyin and zhuyin are different
pingyin.. is well.. u kno wat it is.
zhuyin is like all the different ""brushstrokes"" you have to make a word
correct me if I'm wrong"
"wow that's cool. i am also 100% chinese and i had no idea what zhuyin was.

lol it's good to know that i'm not the only one who times myself while writing the alphabet in different ways.
the weird thing is, i'm not dyslexic, austistic, or even left-handed. Also, I print my letters, so i'm no Da Vinci.
It's fun and my handwriting looks even better backwards than it does in the normal way.
However, for anyone who writes in mirror-writing out there, does it mess up your normal handwriting?
Just wondering..."
"pingyin is well...ya know...basically ""spelling"" out chinese words using letters...

ive never heard that the name was actually called ""zhuyin"", but i do know that there is a different kind of pinyin which is all different and squiggly lines. i just call it ""taiwanese pinyin"" cuz...well...thats what it is...you see it a lot in traditional chinese books...like ""tang shi 300 shou"" (the 300 poem book thing) and stuff like that."
"⑤whoa! i wrote ""w"" into the chinese program and they gave me a 5 in a circle... lol.
我今天吃了汤圆因为很快要过年了！（美国的）
HAHAHA this is funny。。。 When I write “ing” onto here，I get “ingredients”。
yea i'm random......................................................................"
Changed my sig. Like the "userbar"?
i love tang yuan....but i dont eat them during the new year... what kind?
I like red bean tang yuan.
No, I think pingyin is the romanized pronounciation, like mai guo for America (or something similar), while zhuyin is this thing. And yeah, I did use to go to a chinese school. I thought it was a waste of time, but now I'm still horrible at Chinese, so, yeah, probably should have stayed.
Does anyone know how to change the time on this website? I thought at first it was my computer that was fast, but now my computer's time is right and scioly's is wrong.
just change your profile setteings
I read some of my earlier posts and realized that my grammer is so much better now that it was back than.
"I hate to be that guy but *grammar *than it was back then.
But yeah, I know exactly what you mean. My spelling and grammar used to be awful. I still make a bunch of mistakes that I have to be corrected on, but it's become a whole lot better."
"Does anyone except my family happen to own the Great Wall Supermarket 2010 Calendar?
If you do, read the little notes in red and black in each box (each day). (or ask a parent to)
They're funny in the sense that they tell you what you can and cannot do on that day.

Jan 1: you may repair your house. you may not leave your house, get married, or have a funeral.
Jan 2: you may fart (wait what? either my reading is off or the person who makes up these things is not sane)
Jan 6: you may not do anything
Jan 8: you may get a haircut/cut hair/i'm not sure what that says because i don't go to chinese school"
"We're never doing nothing" A quote from the physics teacher at my school. She ALWAYS says that.
I love reading things (in English) from either Chinese restaurants or supermarkets. It's just so funny for no apparent reason.
Happy New Year! "Twenty-Ten" has a nice ring to it.
HAPPY NEW YEAR!!!!!!
Not so happy for me my power grid lost all power for about an hour we just got it back
what a nice start for your new year
Happy New Year, everyone! (8 1/2 hours late, but whatever.)
It's gonna be so weird writing the date on assignments now. 1/1/10. Eww.
Don't write the year, I never do.
ha! i know those. i used to always read those...they were kinda funny.
Jello soldiers in ice cream marshlands attack chocolate frogs.
and the award for most random goes to...
the peanut-y kind is the best.
"yesterday we ate store-bought ones from GW. some were red bean and some were sesame.
today we made our own and they are what you call the ""peanut-y kind"". Which is a good name. I never knew what to call it.
lol I made a few dumpling-shaped tang yuan because we didn't have any dumplings"
I'm honored. Thank you. Can I get a medal for that?
i think Dudeincolorado was more random than that on some occasions
yea i'll give you my first place nationals medal(i wish) just give me your mailing address
"My address is

11 Nerdington Way
Geekley, NJ 01337"
We're scientists. We don't care about run on sentences. O.o
"Even though I almost never use run-on sentences, I think reading them out loud is very fun.
Happy New Decade, everyone"
"Did any asian out there know that Chinese new year is on valentines day this year?

Boy is it gonna be fun in our scioly team....."
"Darn it valentines is on a sunday.

Party pooper."
"I DID!
award!
fun fun fun. 10 days 'til regionals"
"yep. i noticed that too. YEAR OF THE TIGER!!!!!

well you better make the most from those ten days sew. *stares pointedly* we should seriously consider betting.

$1 that we're gonna get below 3rd place! (at the rate we're going, i could bet $100"
Hurray! 150 Posts! Happy, happy day!
"_............_
..\_(o.O)_/ I dunno, lol"
I finally fixed my time on scioly, it was weird because after like half the day passed on scioly it would say it's the next day... so weird, but it's fixed so YAY!
"zombie!
soobsession wrote:
sewforlife wrote:
pjolala wrote:
Did any asian out there know that Chinese new year is on valentines day this year?

Boy is it gonna be fun in our scioly team.....
I DID!
award!
fun fun fun. 10 days 'til regionals
yep. i noticed that too. YEAR OF THE TIGER!!!!!

well you better make the most from those ten days sew. *stares pointedly* we should seriously consider betting.

$1 that we're gonna get below 3rd place! (at the rate we're going, i could bet $100
im gonna say 1 cent we get 2nd place or above."
"I'll bet all the information in my can't-judge-a-powder binder, we'll place 1st in can't-judge-a-powder.

Not that i have anything in my binder, mind you. What's that you say? Me? A slacker?
Never! I just memorized everything and minimized the load i have to carry every day ^_^"
nice... I'll bet my exacto knife (which isn't really mine) we'll get 1st in EB.
If we get 1st place overall I'll eat my hat.

"i second this.
our WS is infinitely doomed, they don't have anything built. I laugh/cry."
"Well again in my life i feel like i am stuck between a rock and a hard place


Well my first language arts class with an Aussie for a teacher my class thought that he was insulting a german exchange student when he said we don't have those chunky things and was pointing at the Germans text book."
I laugh at those of you back in school. I'm still on winter break and with the cold temps, I could be for the rest of the week.
Whoa 12323 members on scioly. Cool number.
Really i doubt that it can be that cold there in Kansas it is probably wamer than here in Colorado
we go back 2 skool tommorow
"The high on Friday is supposed to be 0, with wind chills reaching -40 degrees (Celsius or Fahrenheit, it's the same). That is no laughing matter. I'm sure it is colder in Colorado, though.

EDIT: We go back to school on Thursday, unless we have a snow day."
The school system is kind of stupid, i mean why couldn't they just have given us the whole freakin week off
We went back on Monday and got out the day before Christmas Eve.
Same here. It's 10 days, but it still seems really short. Although, I have a 3 1/2 day weekend next week, so that's good. My school seems to like giving us random days off...
I think you can stop saying this.
"Stop saying what.


School is now really interesting this semester."
"that colorado is colder than [insert other state here]
we all get it already."
I just looked up the temperatures and it's not even THAT cold.
"Well i guess i can't talk about anything here.

and actually the temp here is not that bad at the moment but the funny thing was that once we got back to school here the temp seemed to go down cause it was mostly high 30s to mid 40s over break.

Did anyone watch the Orange Bowl last night???"
No, but I saw the Capital One Bowl like a week ago and part of the Sugar Bowl. Both my teams (Penn State and Florida) won, so I'm happy.
I watched the Tostitos Feista bowl( its like a bowl of tostitos) and TCU lost
"Dude, acetylseryltyrosylserylisoleucylthreonylserylprolylserylglutaminyl-
phenylalanylvalylphenylalanylleucylserylserylvalyltryptophylalanyl-
aspartylprolylisoleucylglutamylleucylleucylasparaginylvalylcysteinyl-
threonylserylserylleucylglycylasparaginylglutaminylphenylalanyl-
glutaminylthreonylglutaminylglutaminylalanylarginylthreonylthreonyl-
glutaminylvalylglutaminylglutaminylphenylalanylserylglutaminylvalyl-
tryptophyllysylprolylphenylalanylprolylglutaminylserylthreonylvalyl-
arginylphenylalanylprolylglycylaspartylvalyltyrosyllysylvalyltyrosyl-
arginyltyrosylasparaginylalanylvalylleucylaspartylprolylleucylisoleucyl-
threonylalanylleucylleucylglycylthreonylphenylalanylaspartylthreonyl-
arginylasparaginylarginylisoleucylisoleucylglutamylvalylglutamyl-
asparaginylglutaminylglutaminylserylprolylthreonylthreonylalanylglutamyl-
threonylleucylaspartylalanylthreonylarginylarginylvalylaspartylaspartyl-
alanylthreonylvalylalanylisoleucylarginylserylalanylasparaginylisoleucyl-
asparaginylleucylvalylasparaginylglutamylleucylvalylarginylglycyl-
threonylglycylleucyltyrosylasparaginylglutaminylasparaginylthreonyl-
phenylalanylglutamylserylmethionylserylglycylleucylvalyltryptophyl-
threonylserylalanylprolylalanylserine .....DUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUDE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"No, we don't have an orange bowl in our house. In fact, we don't have any kind of fruit bowl.
Why would you spend all night staring at a bunch of fruit???
ALL HAIL ROBODUDE THE GREAT! *cough hack cough*
But seriously, nope. I didn't.

YAH! it might freeze tonight, so we might get SNOW/ICE/FREEZING day tomorrow!
I'm crossing my fingers!"
yea robodude you can keep hoping but even if it will go down below the teens there won't be any snow without any percipitation, so no snow day....it sucks
Just missed it.
"CR-CPCTC
core radiative zone convective zone photosphere chromosphere transitive region corona
yup math and science go hand in hand. random mnemonic. O_o"
That's actually really cool. Now, where are my solar system notes so I can copy that from you?
this is either a really big fail, or it's just I can't tell sarcasm from online. im hoping the second
when you think about and see that robodude said that, you can tell its just a really big fail
"YES!

First in my school geobee! Yay!"
nice. but the longest word is the chemical name for titin...it starts with methio... and thats about all i know
I like blueberry bagels with strawberry cream cheese.
strange location...
Bet you could have a long conversation about that with gyourkoshaven...AHEM..gyourkoshaven.....
"I have never seen a glow in the dark watch. But I'm not going to your room to see it. I think I'll go to Google.
amerikestrel wrote:
YES!

First in my school geobee! Yay!
Congratulations. The time I was in mine all my questions were about Alaska, for which the extent of my knowledge is that it's cold. My partner in some of my events won a few times though."
"see this
pjolala wrote:
cypressfalls_Robert :Location: In my room with you on my bed we go under the blanket and you see my watch that glows in the dark!
strange location...
is it better now"
"Oh yeah, my school does that too! Apparently, I got a 27/30 on the qualifying test, which is really good.

I love Science Olympiad practice. We almost set the catapult on fire the other day."
"awkward!

Pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis

coined the longest word in almost all dictionaries..
regionals tuesday. I will be freaking out soon...
1... 2... 3...
FREAKING OUT"
I did that twice in middle school, it was fun. I really miss the GeoBee, I wish they had it in high school. I got so close to the final ten in my eighth grade year, I only missed a tiebreaker question where I thought too hard.
I went 7-0 in the first round of the Geo-Bee!!!!!! OMG I have a chance to make our school history Eaststroudsburg13, East Stroudsburg13, his sister, then me, and next year it could be his other sister
How is that school history? You're not even related to me. Thank goodness
well that just is the record of the people who have done the best
ahhhhhhhhh!
"what is so exciting? I dont get it.... anyways....
I am at Science Olympiad right now...."
same. we're talking about regions. tuesday!
I was talking about the Geography Bee
You have regional SO on a Tuesday?
Ours is on a Wednesday. It's almost always on a weekday.
Really? That's interesting. All of our tournaments- invitationals, regionals, state- every single one is on a Saturday.
"Wednesday? Really? Wow.

My regionals is always on a Saturday and then States is always on a Friday, for no apparent reason. (I get to miss a school pep rally...Yes!...in exchange for waking up at 4...bleh.)"
"waking up at 4? that's crazy, im waking up at around 6...
not too bad.
and yes, ours are mostly on weekdays. i think one regional is on saturday. I think the regionals on weekdays give us more time, and we get to miss school!"
purple elephants dancing in circles while eating fudge on top of mars stepping on aliens
"Way to stay with the name of the thread.
AlphaTauri wrote:
Wednesday? Really? Wow.

My regionals is always on a Saturday and then States is always on a Friday, for no apparent reason. (I get to miss a school pep rally...Yes!...in exchange for waking up at 4...bleh.)
My team travels to state the day before, doesn't study at all the night before even though we're supposed to, and then on Saturday we win state. Actually we've only won once... shhh! But we'll win again this year!
sewforlife wrote:
i think one regional is on saturday. I think the regionals on weekdays give us more time, and we get to miss school!
How many regionals do you have? I've gone by the thought that we have one regional for each region, thus making it ""the regional"" event."
"Fruity Yogurt is good!!!

lol water w/ lemons, strawberries, and cucumbers is funny."
"only one. but we have three in the whole state... that's small. I know..
trident layers is very good."
Yeah, States is 2 hours away (not far enough to justify staying a a hotel the night before) and we have to be there by 7:30-ish AM. On the bus ride there, we either sleep, argue, study, or freak out over [insert event here]. Gotta love my team.

I dont get it...
"Why does nobody understand it...

Anyway, it can be read two ways -- ""Light is a particle"" or ""Light is a wave"".

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Light#Wave ... le_duality"
"that's soooo cool. even though I don't understand light...
wow, that sucks that your regionals is two hours, mine's only one.
I just watched like three hours of house. its so good and creepy"
"A. Colorado has 2 regional comps
B. My states is an hour and a half away which is far enough for my team to stay in a hotel overnight
C. I went to the basketball games tonight and actually watched the games and hot the cheerleaders. But i did get a cool hat taken from me when it was thrown at me by one cheerleader in particular. I still had fun at the games and we won and two students managed to outcheer the cheerleaders and it was loud in the gym when the whole student section began to cheer in the fourth quater"
"For some reason it's harder for me to see ""wave"" than ""particle"". Maybe this means my subconcious thinks that light is a particle... o.O
sewforlife wrote:
wow, that sucks that your regionals is two hours, mine's only one.
Actually, my regionals are an hour away, my states are two hours. But it still means getting up way too early for my liking."
"yes trident layers is yummy
i had pineapple & green apple"
... This is just cruelty...
I'm sorry, but that's just too funny. Don't hurt me. Please.
It seems we have a very evil mod out there
Mods FTW
I just had stomach cramps laughing at that , it would be so funny if he really liked hannah montana
Best. Mod. Ever. *applauds whichever mod is doing this*
Starpug? Why?
robodude really likes hannah montana
I don't have the power to do this...
Oh. Robodude sent me a PM saying that it was you, so I thought that it was you. Wait, is it DS that's doing this? If it is, that makes it that much more enjoyable.
"He's right, it couldn't have been him.....my money's on gh....Whoever it was, EPIC WIN!
I'm curious as to what robodude did.....the things I miss by not going on chat anymore"
looks like he found out
"It was DS.

You will find a pleasant surprise in your inbox when this is all over."
"cypressfalls_Robert wrote:
robodude wrote:
... This is just cruelty...
looks like he found out
It was DS. And robodude has been complaining about it on chat for a while now."
"What do you mean, pugs? Are you in with DS on this? WHY is DS (and *possibly* you) doing this to me?
I made one (ok, a few) little comments about causing mischief and mayhem while he was gone on chat, and THIS is what I get?"
"Yep.

Edit: Use amerikestrel's link instead."
"Here's a slightly more complete overview of the situation on chat...

http://scioly.pastebin.com/f3dc26097

Edit:"
"I had little to do this

I simply came upon this thread and nearly fell out of my chair laughing."
I take it robodude's power to change his picture has "Disappeared"?
"lols this is pretty hilarious.
regionals on tuesday! and I have no decent mechanical pencils...

i like layers strawberry and w/e the middle is."
"ja it has

you guys forgot the part that kinda ""started"" it
 DarkSabre has quit (Ping timeout)

<robodude> bye DarkSabre

 robodude does things that I normaly can't get away with if DarkSabre is watching...


 robodude causes much more michief and meyhem while DarkSabre is still not watching..."
"I was wondering how it started.
-->"
This situation is now preserved for eternity on my computer.
I really enjoyed reading that chat
I feel scared ..but its a good thing I never get on chat
"That's beautiful, DS!

hilarious"
"On a completely random not:

Yum Cranberry Bread."
"apparently some other people have print screened this too.
so that one day when we meet robodude in real life (yea okay.) we'll shove it in his face."
Oh i should do that, I'm going to the same invitational as him, that would be so awesome(ly hilarious)...HAHAHAHA
SMURF~!!!!!
in 8th grade our social studies class proposed a motion to have a common US currency called the smoof.
SOninja did u change your user? or am I hallucinating just like that baseball pitcher in that House rerun..
yea i changed my user. are you the first one to notice? congrats lol.
So... I found out today that my partner for Road Scholar has to do a different event at the same time at regionals. We are both freshmen in division B, and also have been doing Road Scholar for a long time, so this is really... unfortunate for our team. Now I have 5 days to teach someone totally new how to read maps. It's going to be lots of fun. That's my daily random whining.
"lol before I thought it would be weird to say it, but hey, this is supposed to be random!
Regionals tomorrow! wish us luck!"
"I can just taste the chewiness of my hat.

(it is very tough, like fibrocartilage which btw contains fibroblasts in it, is white and tough,
contains type II collagen in a dense network, and is placed under areas of high stress. yumyum)"
"I'm guessing you're doing Anatomy... (Which I absolutely detest, but got stuck with anyways 'cause I did well on the qualifying test, which anyone who passed 7th grade health could ace. I mean, all you had to do was label major bones. Sorry, rant over.)

Good luck at Regionals tomorrow! From a stranger you'll never meet, but hey, why not?"
nintendo DS(dark sabre lol )
I hate it when a sophmore shoves a stupid freshmen into me as i am going to my locker before lunch. That was not fun or nice.
"Hurray, my account is back to normal, with an improbability factor of one to one against.
To celebrate, I have taken this quote about improbability (took out a few pages, though).

Thanks, DS."
I like chocolate.
"Amazing if there was ever a night to be at the bowling alley in Salida and skip class it would have been last night.

Well i say this because the guy i will refer to as my bowling coach bowled the first 800 series ever in that bowling alley. This included a perfect game and two games above 250 i belive. Dam i really wish i was there last night."
you mean believe not belive...assassinator
"I am suffering from PCDD

Post Competition Depression Disorder"
my legs are spazzing and I got 5 hours of sleep this morning. and today was my competition.
how did you do?
"1st place bridge (basically had nothing to do with me, not my design or my building -i wish-)
a very stressful eco test... resulted in a 4th place."
"Pop anatomy quiz!

You are playing soccer and you twist your knee and you hear a popping sound. What happened?

(did anyone get the pun? Har har )
HERE'S THE ANSWER (CLICK TO SHOW HIDDEN TEXT)"
I did not know that, I'm not an anatomy guy, but I did just find out you can refresh the page by right clicking anywhere and selecting "reload". That's pretty cool... I didn't know that.
I LOVE chocolate.
ME too!
"I already said that i am not the assassin

And i never said my spelling was perfect."
Do the words "North American Invitational Model United Nations" better known as "NAIMUN" mean anything to anyone on here?
I think they have that at our school, where it's simply called Model UN, or maybe that's a different organization. I've never been part of it though, I have tto much else going on.
"It is called model un.
NAIMUN is a model un conference--the largest in north america it's held at Georgetown University every year, I was wondering if anyone besides me on this site was going"
Okay then. I don't know much about it, so I was guessing.
"I was going to go to model UN last year, but it got cancelled for NCLB Assessments.

Do the letters NCLB mean anything to anyone here?"
Well, only the obvious.
"NCLB stands for No child left behind. I think.

Would it be selfish to ask for another name change?"
Another? What would it be this time??

Yeah, No Child Left Behind. I have to research it for American Cultures. Fun, fun, fun.
ugh english hw
4213
Everyone loves NCLB, right...?
"HAHA.

There was a special offer at KFC called the ""Hillary Bucket.""

It consisted of two small breasts, two large thighs, and two left wings.

If that offends anyone, I'll take it off. But that truly made my day."
"This one made me laugh:

The Calculus Final
The setting is Ohio State University about six or seven years ago in a huge lecture hall (approximately 1000 students) for a Calculus final. Apparently this particular calculus teacher wasn't very well liked. He was one of those guys who would stand at the front of the class and yell out how much time was remaining before the end of a test, a real charmer. Since he was so busy gallivanting around the room making sure that nobody cheated and that everyone was aware of how much time they had left before their failure on the test was complete, he had the students stack the completed tests on the huge podium at the front of the room. This made for quite a mess, remember there were 1000 students in the class. Anyway, during this particular final, one guy entered the test needing a decent grade to pass the class. His only problem with Calculus was that he did poorly when rushed, and this guy standing in the front of the room barking out how much time was left before the tests had to be handed in didn't help him at all. He figured he wanted to assure himself of a good grade, so he hardly flinched when the professor said ""pencils down and submit your scantron sheets and work to piles at the front of the room."" Five minutes turned into ten, ten into twenty, twenty into forty ... almost an hour after the test was ""officially over,"" our friend finally put down his pencil, gathered up his work, and headed to the front of the hall to submit his final. The whole time, the professor sat at the front of the room, strangely waiting for the student to complete his exam. ""What do you think you're doing?"" the professor asked as the student stood in front of him about to put down his exam on one of the neatly stacked piles of exams (the professor had plenty of time to stack the mountain of papers while he waited) It was clear that the professor had waited only to give the student a hard time. ""Turning in my exam,"" retorted the student confidently. ""I'm afraid I have some bad news for you,"" the professor gloated, ""Your exam is an hour late. You've FAILED it and, consequently, I'll see you next term when you repeat my course."" The student smiled slyly and asked the professor ""Do you know who I am?"" ""What?"" replied the professor gruffly, annoyed that the student showed no sign of emotion. The student rephrased the question mockingly, ""Do you know what my name is?"" ""NO,"" snarled the professor. The student looked the professor dead in the eyes and said slowly, ""I didn't think so,"" as he lifted up one of the stacks half way, shoved his test neatly into the center of the stack, let the stack fall burying his test in the middle, turned around, and walked casually out of the huge lecture hall."
im okay with this, but really? political views should never make anyone bash people like this. just like corzine and christie.
In retrospect, it is rather harsh of KFC...
"lol KFC...
Kung Fu Chicken!"
The calculus thing was funny
Today I strangely have a craving for kolaches.
"http://www.fibitz.com/words/apology.html

i like this poem ^^"
"*Like*

Oh my god kolaches are so good especially poppysead.


So i found out that my team for sci oly state here won't get to know how we did cause we are leaving after the final event is done so that the juniors and seniors can make it to prom."
you already had states?!?!?!
"No but States here in Colorado and Prom have been planned for the same day.
I have states on April 24."
pingi-pungi utca
Haha. With less than 15 hours before we leave for our final invitational, DON'T PANIC is written on the whiteboard in large, friendly letters.
"Today was hat day
I just wore my winter hat but my friend wore a cool fedora"
I like.
"I like too. Seriously though, why is it that every time someone says ""don't panic"", I always start to panic?

We had an assembly on cyberbullying today at school. At one point, the guy said (when talking about why parents decide to give kids cell phones), ""If you ever get kidnapped by Al-Qaeda, use the cell phone to call for help."" It was very awkward."
"That's what you're supposed to use cell phones for!?!?

Incidentally, getting kidnapped is definitely a time to not panic. Or panic, depending on how you take that."
im getting cello-grip index finger. I made it up but I have it!
This is post # 90,000!!!!! wow that's alot
Something about that post makes me want to play Donkey Kong Country, one of those old ones for the game boy color or something like that. I can't think what, though.
I am looking at a map of a portion of Sumatra showing the positions of the major topographic features in a present-day convergent boundary.
Its good to be back on this site!!
I like my posting time
Today I want a large glass of chocolate milk.
I realized on Saturday through my mistakes that when the test says "DO NOT WRITE ON THE TEST," it's probably a good idea not to write on the test.
Less than one month till the Winter Olympics start! I cant wait...especially since I'm going!
Lucky...
I just got done with my quarterly color scheme update- from green and white to white and gold.
hehehehe im sooo happy!
"ma yo-yo.

and organic almond butter is funny."
I advise you not to take anyone's advice. Including mine. See, I've just trapped you in an eternal paradox. Muahahaha.
"its funny to walk through the asian supermarket and look at the labels in the meat aisle and the sign says ""PORK BUTT""
its funnier when your asian yourself.
its also funny to be asian and watch other people who are not asian and comment on the things in the store (such as ""whoa, $0.49 a pound?!?!?!"" ;""EWWW I DIDNT KNOW RAW MEAT SMELLED THIS BAD?!"" and the best one ""you gotta try this dad . DAD: ""what is it?"" ""...im not sure... but i think its chicken...""its actually a pork dumpling)"
My history teacher had Scott Brown [republican candidate for senator seat in MA] as a student when he was in high school. I think that's pretty cool!
"my french notes say that ""le yaourt"" (yogurt) is pronounced ""ya-ool!""
-I'm not sure whether this is true, or i just wrote this to amuse myself"
Trust me, the fish smells even worse than the meat. And then the dead fish (and the live ones) always look at me. It's creepy! Plus, you find all sorts of weird things, like pig ears/feet/noses, 5-foot long sections of sugar cane, guava juice, tiny dried fish, and tons and tons of leafy green vegetables that all look alike.
LI ZHI jelly!
Can't I just take somebody else's advice?
lol i asked that once
Today is Edgar Allen Poe's birthday. Sadly, he is... uh... nevermore.
Uh, nice try. Unfortunately for you, the world isn't "Either take everyone's advice or take no one's advice." To not take your advice doesn't mean take advice from everyone, it means take advice from SOME people (at least). The opposite of "I advise you to take nobody's advice" (paraphrase) is "I advice you to take somebody's advice" NOT everybody's advice. So, I can not take your advice and still take advice from others.
Good one.
http://gildedgreen.notart.org/old/runonstory.php
Almost as much run-on sentence there as the Declaration of Independence.
"yah azns!!!!


What would happen if everything from mythology was real and was still happening and going on today? (such as from greek mythology the underworld was real)"
Where would you have gotten that idea?
Is depressed because he just discovered he won't be able to take both AP Computer Science and SUPA Statistics over his junior and senior years
Snow Day
"woohoo good job to you & denmarksoccer and 50 other ppl who knew this but didn't want to sound like a smart aleck. loopholes are cool.

hmm try this problem (warning: may cause you to waste time & procrastinate on your hw) :
you are trapped in a circular room with 28 doors evenly spaced out. (they're labeled 1-28 for your convenience)
if you open a prime number door, you are forced to do the tango w/ ur english teacher
if you open an even number door, you must give anyone who says hi to you $100
if you open a door w/ a multiple of three number, your face becomes covered in glitter and you fall into AMP
if you open door 1, you get eaten by an armadillo
which door do you open?"
"Door 1, because its not prime, not even, and not dividable by 3.
Duh!"
"*divisible

dang i didn't see that 1 (lol get it?...harhar)
fine.
if you open door 1, you get eaten by an armadillo"
heyy everyone!! ooh hehe this font is prettyyy big!!
"I'm assuming I don't want to do the tango with my English teacher?
Door 25 works?"
"Easy. I'd open door number 29.

Don't you just love loopholes?"
"yea it's door 25.
so what if a penguin and a talking muffin meet you at a fork in the road.
the penguin says ""go to the right~ you will fall into AMP if you go to the left""
the muffin says ""go to the left~ you will fall into AMP if you go to the right""
the penguin says ""one of us is lying""
the muffin says ""but i'm telling the truth""
the penguin says ""i'd be lying if i said i was lying""
the muffin says ""if he's telling the truth, it means i'm lying""

who's lying? what are you going to do?

after this, i'm gonna have to stop thinking up of these... this procrastination is not very good for me"
"Go to the left, and if you don't fall into MMP, then you know that you chose the correct road. If you do fall into AMP, then too bad for you.

Edit: As far as who is lying, it's obviously the penguin."
"amerikestrel, isn't there anything you can do about your mysterious puddle?
it's wreaking havoc among random ppl..."
There is one thing I can do... when ever I talk about it, I can call it MMP (my mysterious puddle)!
yes!
Today some one in my biology class pointed out that my shoe was untied. I was going to say, "Yeah, I just don't feel like tying it right now" when someone else said the same thing. So I pretended that I thought my shoe was tied and that they were all trying to get me to look down at my shoes. Eventually the whole class (including my teacher) was practically yelling "YOUR SHOE'S UNTIED!" Most hilarious thing that happened to me today.
Congrats to gh, bah, andrewski and SiegeLord for becoming site admins and now having the same number of stars/name color as DS and Jim_R (unless of course that's a glitch that happened)
"they have been listed as Admins for a while now
they had just never changed their color to the dark red

now they aren't just hiding under the guise of Mods"
today i have off of school. but guess what? I have to be here to finish a competition script for tommorrow!!!!!
"Quotes from the Nuetral Planet:

""We are now at code beige! I repeat, we are now at code BEIGE!""
(sung to the tune of Happy Birthday"") ""...Birthday, to you! ... Birthday, to you! ... Birthday, dear robodude... Birthday to you!""
""Don't you find it amazing that we didn't lose a single man in the war with the pacifics?"" ""Meh...""
The last word of the president of the Nuetral Planet:
""Tell my wife... I.. said... 'Hi'...""

or, in this case,"
pigeon there was an explosion in the Town on Leadville, CO this is only 30 miles away from me.
"Could you hear it? I remember a few years ago there was a HUGE explosion in Danvers, MA [which is like 7-8 miles away from me] at 2:30 in the morning and it was soooo loud! I was still awake for whatever reason and it scared me so much. I had no clue what it was. There's no way anyone could have slept though it.

A student from Korea is shadowing me on Tuesday. I don't know any Korean and he doesn't know any English. This should work out great!"
Ha all i can do is count to 10 and say Its over, face the flag, bow, and thank you in korean.
Someone should make a poll about what languages everyone speaks, aside from English. I'd do it, but I don't have time.
QuAnTuM pHySiCs
"A few years ago I was visiting Denver to watch a Drum Corps International competition. We stayed at a hotel next to a gas station that night, and left early the next morning.

A few hours after we left the gas station blew up."
"Oil rig

Ol' rig


Go to ML"
"I remember that everytime we have an oxidation-reduction question in AP Chem. It stuck in my brain amazingly well.

I bet you can't wait till you get to bond angles, those are quite fun (in both the fun fun way and the OMG this is so crazy way). You're lucky you don't have to learn about Expanded Octets too, or else many people would be in way over their head."
"new world cup poll is flawed:
Croatia didn't qualify for the cup
I think theres a 10 choice limit but some of the teams that could win are omitted (France, Ivory Coast to name two)"
RAWR
congrats on becoming a wiki mod, robotman
thank you
"I think France is starting to be over rated, I hope Nederlands (Holland) can finally pull off a victory...

Also, here's a joke... a physicist and chemist r in a hot air balloon and r flying along when suddenly a huge winds blows them off course. Later they noticed they are now above a field and there's somebody down on the field...
The physicists shouts to him, ""Hey! where r we?""
he replies ""you are in a balloon!""
the physicist then says to the chemist that ""AUGH! mathematicians get on my nerves...""
the chemist asks him ""how do you know he is a mathematician?""
the physicist then says, ""cauz he is very accurate, but COMPLETELY useless"""
"Ooh robots a wiki mod?

Hey congrats there robot, I guess you're really moving up in the world"
"Congrats to robot for becoming a wiki mod and to all of the former mods who are now site admins! (Although, I have to say that I'm not used to looking at all the red instead of green. Yes, I'm weird like that.)

Edit: Don't know how I forgot this, but I went to an orchestra festival yesterday and it was awesome!"
CONGRATS!
Congratulations to everyone who deserves congratulating!
Congratulations to YOU who was congratulating people
Couldn't agree more.
Why would Google/Yahoo robots become members on this site? No, really! Does anyone know?
i think whenever you search on google/yahoo and whatever you searched for comes up on scioly.org or something like that
Google and Yahoo use bots to index their search engines. As far as I know, they aren't technically "members".
"Actually, I don't think thats its REALLY Google and Yahoo. Its just bots NAMED Google/Yahoo/Ask, and when you do a search on this site, like for a certain post, those bots go crawling through all the posts to find the ones you are searching for.
Maybe an admin could enlighten us?"
there are even spiders: baidu, and other wierd names like that what are those ?
"Amerikestral answer was the the closest too the truth
amerikestrel wrote:

Google and Yahoo use bots to index their search engines. As far as I know, they aren't technically ""members"".
They are just indexing programs that are always on the internet collecting and storing data to keep the search engines current and have the amount of ""responses"" that they do.
All phpBB forums are installed with bots as users so that they will show up in all major search engines(there are around 50ish major bots)
the Google MSN and Yahoo have enough ""bot power"" to index forums once a day while others may only come around every month or so.
cypressfalls_Robert wrote:
there are even spiders: baidu, and other wierd names like that what are those ?
spiders serve the same general purpose as bots just a little different name




AlphaTauri wrote:
Congrats to robot for becoming a wiki mod and to all of the former mods who are now site admins! (Although, I have to say that I'm not used to looking at all the red instead of green. Yes, I'm weird like that.)

Edit: Don't know how I forgot this, but I went to an orchestra festival yesterday and it was awesome!
RandomPerson52 wrote:
Ooh robots a wiki mod?

Hey congrats there robot, I guess you're really moving up in the world
Thanks guys"
"Here is (I believe) the complete list of bots and spiders on phpbb. Don't ask how I got it.
CODE: SELECT ALL
    AdsBot [Google]                                 
    Alexa [Bot]                            
    Alta Vista [Bot]                            
    Ask Jeeves [Bot]                            
    Baidu [Spider]                            
    Exabot [Bot]                            
    FAST Enterprise [Crawler]                            
    FAST WebCrawler [Crawler]                            
    Francis [Bot]                            
    Gigabot [Bot]                            
    Google Adsense [Bot]                            
    Google Desktop                            
    Google Feedfetcher                            
    Google [Bot]                            
    Heise IT-Markt [Crawler]                            
    Heritrix [Crawler]                            
    IBM Research [Bot]                            
    ICCrawler - ICjobs                            
    MSN NewsBlogs                            
    MSN [Bot]                            
    MSNbot Media                            
    Majestic-12 [Bot]                            
    Metager [Bot]                            
    NG-Search [Bot]                            
    Nutch [Bot]                            
    Nutch/CVS [Bot]                            
    OmniExplorer [Bot]                            
    Online link [Validator]                            
    SEO Crawler                            
    SEOSearch [Crawler]                            
    Seekport [Bot]                            
    Sensis [Crawler]                            
    Seoma [Crawler]                            
    Snappy [Bot]                            
    Steeler [Crawler]                            
    Synoo [Bot]                            
    Telekom [Bot]                            
    TurnitinBot [Bot]                            
    Voyager [Bot]                            
    W3 [Sitesearch]                            
    W3C [Linkcheck]                            
    W3C [Validator]                            
    WiseNut [Bot]                            
    YaCy [Bot]                            
    Yahoo MMCrawler [Bot]                            
    Yahoo Slurp [Bot]                            
    Yahoo [Bot]                            
    YahooSeeker [Bot]                            
    ichiro [Crawler]                            
    psbot [Picsearch]"
"YEAH BAI DU!

I like spicy chicken."
"do to the fact that I'm boycotting the 10,000 post thread, Ill complain here
cypressfalls_robert..........honestly...........it's kind of a rule that you don't post multiple times in a row (I thought that was obvious--us being on an SO forum and all) much less the 60 or so you did post?
zyzzyva98 the same goes for you just not as big of an extent
/me facepalms

on another note...for some reason my school district has 10th graders and up switch English teachers mid year"
"Fool! I pity the fool!
*activate exploding cherry grenades*"
"Wha...?

Happy Monday, everyone! Not."
"Uhhh....there is no rule,...so complain away
Sheograth wrote:
Ok basically the object of the game is to reach 1,000 replies, once that has been accomplished we go for 5,000 and then higher and higher.

So this is post #0


If you don't understand check the link in my sig, we've got a 5,000 post one going on over there."
"I'm random.
Today, our cafeteria had steak wraps with california cheese.
California cheese comes from california cows. California cows come from california. Happy cows come from california. California cows are happy cows. good cheese comes from happy cows. good cheese comes from california cows. california cheese is good cheese."

"""I don't want to have to shoot you every six months just to hold on to you.""-Lisa to Will on Fresh Prince of Bel-Air.
That is such a good show from when i was growing up.

Iced Tea, Iced Tea, Iced Tea, Iced Tea with Lemon Flavor. -Yay I am random.

So I wrote an essay for Academic Decathalon that was 5575 characters long and almost none of the essay was on topic.

NHS dances at my school suck. Well the entertainment was when the DJ played Billie Jean by Michael Jackson 'cause someone at my school knows the whole dance to that song and I also learned part of the dance to Thriller.

Speaking of Michael Jackson his movie This Is It hits DVD tomorrow."
It's sort of an unwritten rule, and it goes against the spirit of the thread. What use is trying to get as many posts as possible if users can post as many tims in a row as they'd like?
"Top 4 most viewed threads:

1. Your daily random comment- 24675

2. 5000 post thread- 13695

3. Elevated bridge B/C 2009- 10239

4. Comment on the user above you- 6960"
Anyone watching the Jay Leno show? Science Olympiad was mentioned in the headline bit.
WoodCreek is a famous school, non?
"I don't know, you tell me.

Today our school district had a World Wise Challenge competition. It's basically a challenge to describe how wise you are about the world. We won, but probably shouldn't have. Latvia's flag looks extremely like Austria's, you know."
today is Australia Day
"Ack...

I'm going to be staying up late 2nite."
"Have any of yall ever realized that if there was peace on this world, it would be impossible?
Because if everything was perfect, no one would be dying.
And thats impossible because no one can live forever.
And if everything was perfect, then people would be perfect.
And if everyone was perfect, then someone would be less perfect than someone else whos more perfect because everyone is different (in this case, in a good way) and basically that means that everyone would be imperfect and perfect at the same time.
Because no one is perfect.
And everyone makes at least one mistake everyday.
That means that world peace is useless
because its already here."
We started new classes today since we have block scheduling (90 or 45 minute classes for half a year each depending on the credits).
"A box is to be made out of a piece of cardboard that measures 15 by 20 inches. Squares, x inches each side, will be cut from each corner, and then the ends and sides will be folded up into a box. Find the value of x that would result in a box with a volume of 300 cubic inches.
HERE'S THE ANSWER IF YOU THINK YOU'VE GOT IT! :) (CLICK TO SHOW HIDDEN TEXT)
i'm stuck on this problem even though i have the answers... >.<
i know how to set it up, but when i get to the 3rd deg polynomial, idk how to get x. there's no way i can test all the possible rational factors..."
cool
pjolala, seriously, can you explain that? You have thoroughly confused me, and that is very hard to do.
"If , then what is the value of ?
ANSWER (CLICK TO SHOW HIDDEN TEXT)
SOLUTION (CLICK TO SHOW HIDDEN TEXT)
I love MathCounts."
"The announcements came on saying yearbook was cancelled.
I was kidding with my friends and I was like ""haha i hope pit is cancelled too""
Pit was cancelled.
now i'm sad"
What's Pit?
Isn't it part of band?
Recently I've spent about three weeks scouring the COL section of the library for Catching Fire- in the Hunger Games series. Today, I looked up for the first time and realized that it's been on display and I didn't notice it. I need to look up more.
"Pit orchestra, I would guess.
zyzzyva98 wrote:
Recently I've spent about three weeks scouring the COL section of the library for Catching Fire- in the Hunger Games series. Today, I looked up for the first time and realized that it's been on display and I didn't notice it. I need to look up more.
Very good book. The plot has a lot of twists in it, and the characters really come to life. I have to say that I actually liked Catching Fire more than the Hunger Games, even though both are great books."
Today While working on my mission possible I managed to solder myself. Now there is a spot the size of a dime with blisters that are white and black looking I hope I dont get cancer because there is solder embedded in me now............it hurts
Yay now i am not the only person that i know that has soldered himself while working on Mission Possible. Well it was because my friend that was helping me kept touching my had witht the soldering iron and than he tried to burn my hair.
"How did you get solder under your skin? It seems pretty difficult to me.

What type of solder was it? A lot of electronics solder is 60/40 tin/lead - if it's that, I'd get it checked out - lead in the bloodstream isn't exactly the best.

I don't see a correlation with cancer though.

But that should serve as a reminder to anyone, careful with soldering irons. They do get hot! If someone is fooling around with one, they shouldn't be touching an iron again.

I've had plenty of mishaps with soldering irons, but none too serious. At most, just grazing the shaft of the iron (which still gets very hot). If you end up actually touching the tip - well, you'll make sure you never do it again."
"it went like this: My partner holds mouse trap open(bad idea), i solder the wire so the mouse trap will connect the circuit, i am soldering, my awesome partner lets go of mousetrap and it slams on my hand with soldering iron and solder all sandwhiched..yay

62/36/2---rosin core

on the back of the solder thingy it says it is known in california<-- to cause cancer"
on a little brighter note today my friend placed a magnet into our elevted bridge sand and it had iron from the sand stuck to it. He then went on a lecture on how we eat that same iron everyday, until I told him to eat it , and so he ate it and said its healthy.
"I think everything's known to cause cancer in California. And everything is flammable in the state of California.

Cancer would come from prolonged exposure to something.

The warning is probably for the flux (rosin core), which produces fumes that probably would be harmful if ingested on a regular basis (thus the reason that industrial soldering is done in ventilated setups)."
oh I love science class!!! researching Alpha Carinae/ Canopus is interesting
"I just realized that the day before we leave for states (assuming we make it) is April Fool's Day

Oh boy... this is going to be good..."
i wanna iPad
I got hit on the head by my 500-page lit circles book (and of course it had to be hardcover, too) today as I was putting it on the top shelf of my locker. That hurt.
"speaking of lockers and getting hit....
I got hit by my friend's locker door every morning in 6th grade.... good times...."
"today we were sitting in the commons playing card games, and my friend comes up to us and says ""party in the band room!""
so we all go there and they are blasting viva la vida and playing its piano part. We sang along. It was epic"
Happy Kansas Day, everyone
"Just a mini self edited rant here

Those butterfly cheerleaders really think they can get away with that. They aren't even doing what is best for the Sci Oly team. With the exception on my friend I know more about Dynamic Planet than everyone else that wants to do the event and me and my friend don't even get to do the event. I need to talk to the coach about this because me and my friend would have the best chance of medaling in the event. We even placed top 10 at regionals last when we were thrown into the even the day of the comp with out a note sheet, than top 10 at state without a note sheet. I hate those butterfly cheerleaders even though i have mentioned on on here countless times. I guess I just have to ""Fight Fire With Fire"" and get into that event.

Yes I know that I sound a little arrogant in this saying i know more than both of them about the info in the event but it is the truth and even they know it. I think that is why they split me and my friend up so they would get the event. Well they can go butterfly off.

Mini rant over.


Oh god it is now cram time for the Cheyenne Mt. Invite. Mission is nowhere near done. Entering full out panic mode now."
Oh my gosh me too.
the cheapest you could even get one is $500 though
"The Moon's orbit is not a perfect circle, and Friday night's full moon will coincide with the moon's perigee – its closest point to Earth. So this will be the biggest full moon of 2010. It will appear 14% wider and 30% brighter than lesser full Moons of 2010. This is NOT to be confused with the illusion of the Moon appearing larger near the horizon. It will actually appear larger at ANY point in the sky because this full moon occurs at a point when it is slightly closer in its orbit.

More reading available at: http://www.space.com/spacewatch/full-mo ... 00128.html

And also http://spaceweather.com/"
"I'm not really that impressed by them honestly. Mostly because they are not that innovative. Just a big iphone basically.
They're not in 16:9, the margin on them is huge, no flash, no real keyboard, and I still think a kindle is better for reading, the ipad has color but has less battery, and screen glare as opposed to e-ink.

And if you want to look at them as a netbook, buying a pc alternative is much cheaper."
Wow there are now 5 new members from Colorado that is cool.
Did a lab in science acid spillage= not good
moondogs rock!!!!
"gonna play 5-6 hours of violin today... starting off my day by having schumann's symphony 4 stuck in my head.
seriously that song is outrageously awesome!!!!! search it up on youtube and you will hear its true amazingness."
yea!!! I just took my meteorology runoff and i think i did well!!!!
I'm sure by now many of you have seen the blindfolded half-court shot the coach from a Kansas high school made. The school he coaches at just happens to be our high school's rival school. They've gotten more media attention for a fluke shot than we've gotten for any of the things we do better than them, i.e. actually winning state championships, including Science Olympiad, etc. By now I'm getting fed up with the "oh, we're sooooo awesome because our coach got lucky and somehow made a shot" stuff. It's truly very annoying. There's even a facebook group for it (what did you expect?) and it's called "THE SHOT" There are much better "THE SHOT"s out there than this. I'm really annoyed. End of rant.
i completed two out of the five billion missions I have in my life. YES
HOW DO YOU DO THAT!? PRACTICE FOR 5-6 HOURS!!!!!!!!!???????!?!? GAH!!! HOW DO YOU HAVE TIME FOR THAT?!
"google chrome just made the worlds most obnoxious update.....it made the bar at the top white so you can't see any of the buttons.
EDIT: ah there we go back to normal, glitched my theme somehow when the update was installed"
If it's as good as everyone says it is, I seriously need to get Chrome.
"I've been to orchestra rehearsals where we run through the concert program again and again for 3 hours straight. And then there was this orchestra camp I went to where I played violin for at least 5 hours a day for a week. So yeah, it's not impossible to play violin for 5 hours.

On a slightly different note (no pun intended), I have to learn a strings-only version of this (skip to about 1:20 for the actual piece) in 3 weeks for a concert. I'm sort of worried about the ending because my conductor has a reputation for going really, really fast."
"yea i was just forced to play that much because of a rehearsal from 9-1
then I had to practice for my lessons because i didn't practice on wednesday and thursday due to midterms ( )
and then i went to lessons so it all went by pretty fast. and rehearsals are fun.
good luck with the russian sailor dance! i love fast songs but i don't have the best rhythm so i'm always forced to slow down T_T
my orch teacher has a reputation for picking slow songs because it ""exposes our weaknesses"". phooey! he's testing our ability to stay awake in class.
but fast songs make you feel awesome cuz ur sawing away with your bow and after the concert you're like PHEW that was intense but i lived!!!
but they're not fun to rehearse because everyone plays random notes and it sound bad and the conductor threatens to throw quarters at you.
LOL my conductor was talking about how for last year's pit, they did Wizard of Oz. they had to play a lot of really fast and difficult ""scary"" parts.
He told everyone to just forget it and make lots of loud noises... and it worked!!!
but hey, it's all cool. time to focus on midterms now. until tomorrow when i have rehearsal for another orchestra >_> aww dangit."
"I prefer slow songs. I don't know how they are on stringed instruments, because I play the all-awesome French Horn, but I believe that slower songs, when played right, sound a lot better and a lot more fun to play than fast songs.
A few weeks ago I had to play in a Kansas state honor band. We practiced about the same time- 5-6 hours- on that Saturday. We'd practiced another two hours the night before, so in eight hours we learned five difficult pieces of music. I only wish our school band was that good."
"I asked my math teacher if i was right and she said that the last time someone said that was in the 60's from a bunch of crack head hippies.

I'm not gonna say this out loud anymore."
"I just got back from a youth orchestra concert. We played Prokofiev's 3rd piano concerto and Balakirev's ""Overture on 3 Russian Themes"". Hard. Plus we practiced for about 3 hours before the concert.

And we have to play the same concert tomorrow at a different theater."
Yeah, it's not impossible, but I get really bored after all that playing. Like Stringfest, (do you guys have that) we practice pretty much all day...it doesn't make it any better that all the songs are boring...except this year I got chosen and one of the songs we're playing is Viva La Vida. But on a normal practice day, i will never practice more than 1 hour.
"Oh, I remember Stringfest- lots of fun (Well, the socializing part, anyways. Music, not so much.)- but County Orchestra is still better...although I'm not allowed to try for Counties again . I'll have to go for Districts. Yikes.
SOninja wrote:
good luck with the russian sailor dance! i love fast songs but i don't have the best rhythm so i'm always forced to slow down T_T
Yeah, I think I'm going to need all the good luck I can get to not fail at the performance, especially becasue the local junior youth (middle school) orchestra I play in is combined with the youth (high school) symphony for a concert, so we have to play music that's on their level, like Bacchanale from Samson and Delilah (Saint-Saens) and Procession of the Nobles from Mlada (Rimsky-Korsakov). Invariably, this leads to a panic attack the week before the concert.
SOninja wrote:
my orch teacher has a reputation for picking slow songs because it ""exposes our weaknesses"". phooey! he's testing our ability to stay awake in class.
My school orchestra director does the same thing. For the holiday concert, there was this one really slow piece that I absolutely hated and I got screamed at the day before the concert for saying that I disliked the piece."
"....

i feel so smart cuz i know exactly what you guys are talking about...

thats never happened to me before


(just to let you know i play violin as well)

mini epiphany over.


but anyways thi s is what im playing right now (not showing off or anything)
im not in orchestra or anything like that http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iog7cUijOeg/

and this http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=77DgEqwRnrA

(random vids off of youtube of stuff i play NOT ME)"
"Any reason your not in Orchestra?
School doesn't have one? No room in schedule? Schools orchestra's level is way below yours? Something else? No reason at all?

on a random music note:
Area All-State's on Friday and Saturday (we get to stay in a hotel )
GO VIOLA!"
"Ugh, that reminded me of the fact that course selections for next year are due by Wednesday. Hooray for taking all Honors plus orchestra and an elective and ending up without a study hall!

All honors = Good on college apps, but bad for stress level and sleep cycle."
math midterm tomorrow... >_< going to fail
I know what you mean...If it works out I'm taking 3 AP's + the rest honors next year As a matter of fact mines due Wednesday also lol
"does this mean you assume that ""perfect""=no dying?

edit: on another note, when will Lady GaGa cease to amaze us with her strange costumes/""dresses""?"
I'd like some input about my new avatar. Should I keep it or go back to the old one? Or something else.
Do you like hurricanes? ...I like the old one, maybe cuz i'm used to it but anyway, yea
Surprisingly, I agree with the guy with no avatar. I'm used to the old one, but this one isn't too bad either.
All i know if that on here the old one looked strangely like some sort of sheep so yea I think I like this one, makes me feel less stupid.
oh how funny you are,...I think It's disabled because I put the scioly exalted members' medals as my avatar like 10 months ago
Okay then, I'll keep it for a while and see how it works. I thought it seemed clearer which is why I changed it, the other was was kind of blurred.
I like the old one, probably because I tend to use people's avatars to figure out who posted what, so whenever someone changes their avatar, I get all confused. Oh well, I'll get used to it eventually.
"Me too!
I've visited this website 13,589 times on this browser alone!"
how do you know that???
"NAIMUN!
BURUNDI!
WIPO!
Protecting Intellectual Property Rights on the Internet for Commercially Produced Media!
Reforming Compulsory Licensing in TRIPS for Generic HIV/AIDS Medicine!"
"Wow my anger for one of the butterfly cheerleaders has grown a lot. What is sad is that this butterfly cheerleader is my partner for Ecology. That is just because she had three events and my origional partner, who happenes to be the ""cute girl"" that I mentioned countless of times, had five events so my origional partner gave Ecology to her friend. For about 30 minutes today I about as excited as possible. The only bright side is that I may get to do Ecology with who I was origionally suppose to do the event with at regional and state. I have also decided that I am not going to attempt to get Dynamic Planet as an event anymore this year since I already have 5 events. I have also decided that my school is going to epicly fail at Mission Possible since our device is almost unbuilt.


Oh god almost into freak out mode with the invitational only days away. The comp is this weekend. The only events I don't have to freak out in are Write It Do It, the redeem team this year after our perfect comp last year at the invite, and Forensics, yay an event to BS and do awesome on.

My Chemistry teacher had a live scorpion in class today that my friend caught when he was in Arizona it was cool but not as cool as the scorpion I saw in the wild while I was on a canoe trip plus the one I saw in the wild was younger that the one my teacher had."
On Firefox - right click, view page info, security. Should be similar on other browsers.
So am I correct in assuming that Groundhog Day was invented to prove that rodents could do a better job at predicting the weather than trained meteorologists?
"Punxsutawney Phil saw his shadow so that means 6 more weeks of winter.
However, most other groundhogs didn't, so we'll probably have a short winter.

sigh groundhog day is cruel and unusual punishment for innocent fat and furry creatures."
"I didn't see my shadow... but 1) I wasn't forced to look for it and B) I'm not a groundhog

EDIT: I heard last night that Phil (No way am I attempting his ""first name"") was treated better than most school-age children in Pennsylvania. Then again, most people don't eat wild grasses, insects, and snails as a regular diet.

Ah, wait. I just saw my shadow. Six more weeks of winter. But since winter doesn't end until March... we always have six more weeks of winter."
"lol. that happened to me when you changed YOUR avatar. I got used to robodude's quickly because of the attention about it....
edit: technically Phil's prediction actually gives us a SHORTER winter."
"...Got nothing at all done today at SO practice, except for watching my friends A) make the whole corner of the room smell like CA and accelerator, B) crash a school computer (well, it started beeping randomly, turned off by itself, then we got the ""blue screen of death""), and C) get caught by the coach for chewing gum (I was the only one who didn't get caught).

We are so going to get yelled at a month before Regionals for not getting anything done and ""being the most unprepared team in years"". I think my coach does that every year to try and motivate us to actually accomplish something and not, you know, epic fail at Regionals."
Well i have about 6 more weeks of winter plus about 3 months. Yeah it will feel like winter till it becomes spring in June that it is spring here till September when it becomes winter again. Yes we don't really have a summer or fall. Sucks living up in the mountians.
toodeh wus phun
I have to memorize three shakespeare sonnets about 40ish lines for english 4 ap/dual: 130, 138, 144.
Looks like sweetcoop has some competition---> soopercoop
"i lost the game...
well EASTstroudsburg13 is in school but im not...
enjoying my parent teacher confrences day!!!!

hey i have the same # of posts as cypressfalls Robert!!!"
not anymore
I watched a barbie commercial while on the bus this morning. i was like "...barbies are still sold?!"
game theory?
"Warning, Sweetcoop is now in Full on Freak Out Mode or FFMO as I like to call it.

Leave for my Invite today, comp is tomorrow."
YES! I get a day off from school today. So, I get to spend all that time studying for SO!
"Early dismissal today! And no snow anywhere in sight yet. Haha, it's almost like that time where the weather people predicted freezing rain and the district canceled school the next day. Except there was no freezing rain, just some regular rain.

Time to find random bits of information scattered around the internet yet all relating to one topic for English homework! In other words, I've got research to do."
What happens when you get super glue in your eye?
you know that you won't be going past 20seconds
Drop what you're doing and post on the 10,000 Post Thread!!!!!! Now! It's important!
*hyperventilation* AHHHHHH! I'm so nervous for invites tomorrow!!! AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHhh!
"<Deeisenberg> three of our four illiterative presidents came in immediate succession
<Deeisenberg> or no
<Deeisenberg> not immediate
<Deeisenberg> almost
<Deeisenberg> Wilson HARDING Coolidge Hoover
<Deeisenberg> Reagan
<starpug> reagan couldn't read
<starpug> I knew it
<Deeisenberg> lol
<Deeisenberg> *alliterative"
You should see our coach one month before Regionals.
heh, my coach isn't coming cause she's sick.
REGIONALS TOMORROW....AHHHHHHH
Wow, lots of competitions tomorrow. Good luck everyone and... don't panic.
Tomorrow I'm having my first competition(invitationals), wish me luck!
"<=== Sorry, everyone who goes by avatar to tell who posted what. I just wanted to show my patriotism.

Good Luck"
"Invitationals tomorrow! I'm so excited!

I know everyone's gonna do great, and we'll get lotsa med...[trails off]

Is my optimism annoying anyone?"
"President's Day? No apparent reason? Or am I missing something here?

Good luck to everyone going to a competition tomorrow! Whatever you do, don't panic and don't sit on the building events.

I still have 1 1/2 months until I start freaking out..."
Good for you, AlphaTauri. I wish I had 1 1/2 months. My coach wants me to panic now, but I'm not allowing her the satisfaction. And the reason for the flag is the Winter Olympics.
aww you should've had a communist flag
"...
No tournament for me...
Instead I get to wake up just a little bit earlier to go to Solo/Ensemble for my band, and play my Oboe in front of a bunch of judges.
Good luck to all my friends at WCJH!
I hope they get back safely... They're gona win so many medals that the bus is weighed down to the point of immobility!"
"You know, there's a funny story about that. But I'm not going to tell you about it.
robodude wrote:
...
No tournament for me...
Instead I get to wake up just a little bit earlier to go to Solo/Ensemble for my band, and play my Oboe in front of a bunch of judges.
Good luck to all my friends at WCJH!
I hope they get back safely... They're gona win so many medals that the bus is weighed down to the point of immobility!
We have our Solo/Ensemble in April. It normally conflicts with State SO, so I wasn't planning on doing it this year, but they changed the date so I can do both. Good luck, robodude."
"it's snowing. finalllllllllyyyyyyyyyy
YO PERDO EL JUEGO. -soobsession made this."
"It's not snowing here

Currently it has snowed more this winter in DC then in Waterville ME"
in DC, it's an inch an hour. lucky idiots.
good luck!
Thanks! I ended up getting a 1 on my solo, and a 2 in my ensemble. Here's my solo, but not the whole thing.
You'll do amazing!!!!!!
Well, I could never play that (partly cause I play the all-awesome horn that does not go as high as the oboe)
But oboes are better.
"8 inches of snow. Snowstorms... life's way of saying ""go skiing"".
appropriately , i will go skiing tomorrow. after all, you do not deny life.

Also, visit this blog! (not mine) http://1bluepaperclip.blogspot.com/"
2 feet of snow last time I measured.
heard baltimore had like 30 inches...
How many inches do we get? 4. Or less. *disgusted* and half of it melted before I got done with SO practice yesterday. Ah, well, this is Kansas; if you want the weather to change just wait ten minutes.
18 inches of snow, a 5 foot high pile next to the driveway, the bush near the front door looks like a snowman, and the potential for a huge snowball fight after SO on Tuesday. I love winter (except for the shoveling-two-feet-of-snow-off-your-driveway part).
"Wow what a weekend.
First what is the big deal about Avatar. Honestly I saw the movie in theaters last night and the movie put me to sleep.

Dam about 2 months from turning 17 and I almost made it into an R rated movie last night.

Never stay and El Colorado Lodge in Manitou Springs. Their cabins suck. The ceiling above the shower was really short, the heater didn't really work, and the tile floor was really cold.

HOW THE butterfly IS 27 POINTS ON MISSION POSSIBLE ENOUGH TO GET 8TH PLACE. YEAH MY PARTNER WAS REALLY UNFOCUSED.

Only two medals for my team but we did win both of the raffles that they had at the invite. I got a 3x3x4 rubiks cube and another kid on my team got a siamese cube. Anyway my team medaled in Disease Dective and Egg-O-Naut. My best event was as always WRITE IT DO IT. i got 5th but oh well. The two doing Dynamic Planet sucked with about 10th place so i might just be able to convice my coach to let me take the place of the cheerleader doing that event. I also hope that that cheerleader can replace my Ecology partner cause we sucked at Ecology.

Wall Ball is the best game in the world. One kid actually nailed his girlfriend with the ball and we only had two kids get hit in the nuts while playing. I also think we put a little hole in one of the walls at Cheyenne Mtn.

Colorado actually was normal for WIDI this time as the object was out of random craft objects.

When two guys sleep in the same bed there are a bunch of sexual refrences made.

This was in all a great weekend

Oh and for the fun of it i will post this here incase anyone from Pouder High School is actually on the site
POUDER GOT BEAT AGAIN AT THIS INVITE."
"I come home from Area All-State (which was completely epic yay for awesome quotes) and fb redesigned itself again...why does it continue to mess with a good thing?
EDIT: not that its completely bad, I do like some new stuff about it but perhaps put applications back where they used to be--on the bar on the bottom?"
"My biggest gripe is the inability to customize the news feed - you can no longer drag something to display at the top - thus if you had dragged just status updates to the top or made a group of select friends to display by default, you can no longer do that.

It seems each time Facebook makes a change they take away customizability. That's bad. I like to customize things to suit me - they really need to give users more control over how they access the website."
What's the deal with Facebook? Neither me nor my sister have noticed any changes. I'm a PC, she's a Mac, so that's not the problem...
"some peoples have been updated others haven't yet--heres a screenshot of it though (sorry about the scribbles but...you get why I did it) http://i813.photobucket.com/albums/zz53 ... enewfb.jpg
The things next to the word facebook are where your notifications now are"
Whoa, that's different from what I have
Yeah, I understand the complaints now; thanks fmtiger. I guess I'll have to be prepared.
just found another thing I hate about the new fb, the live feed is gone, you either get a news feed like the old one or a "live" news feed that shows you almost nothing and doesn't seem to update all that often.....not to mention the fact that I refresh it and stuff that was on the feed is gone
The news feed/status updates seem to be particularly lagging today (didn't notice it yesterday though).
"Wow I'm glad I haven't experienced the changeover yet. I'll probably get used to it like I do with every change they make.
There was a division B invite last week that I was planing on going to just to do Solar System but I completely forgot about it!"
Hurray I finally got my 1st place medal in TX Wildflowers! I think the only bad thing about the invitational that i just went to was they didn't give a complete score sheet, and someone threw away my Hawaiian punch!
nothing is impossible. the word itself says IM possible!!!!!
Haha, we play that at every competition we go to between events. So much fun. Then we bounced the tennis ball into a trash can filled with trash and water.
When we go to competitions, someone always brings a deck of cards and recently I've brought this really fun game called "We Didn't Playtest This at All" I don't know if anyone else here has played it, but it's awesome.
Sometimes we play spoons. It gets pretty heated/serious.
Spoons, ERS, and Speed. If we have an overabundance of people, then we play poker.
Avatar switch? Yeah, my team would play poker, but I'm pretty sure my coach wouldn't let us.
we almost played poker at the invite saturday but instead we played BS and it was fun untill i got half of the deck.
We play this game called candy/drug dealer where some cards are dealt out: king, jack, and the rest are numbers. Everyone gets a card. the person who has the jack has to try to wink at everyone while the king tries to bust him. jack wins if he winks at everyone, king wins if he busts the jack
BS is the normal game of choice for our team. Last time we played though, everyone monopolized a certain number, and it got a bit out of hand.
"Avis_de-Incendia you changed your avatar I liked fire but what is the new one?

1+1=2 1+1≡3"
It's a nautilus!
So today, while I was eating breakfast, I decided to have a glass of apple cider. As I poured it from the carton, I noticed the expiration date was 2-27-10. I didn't think much of it until I realized that at lunch, my yogurt had the same expiration date; 2-27-10. Our regional SO competition takes place on 2-27-10. Also on the lid of the yogurt was an advertisement for the Biggest Loser. Now I'm really starting the freak out.
^Totally
Seniors get violent when they play speed.
So... anyone ever make snow potholes? My friend is telling me about them and maybe I will attempt to make some tomorrow.
What's a snow pothole?
I'll try not to change it anymore, I'll TRY!
Nobody has noticed MY avatar change yet!
did you just flip your avatar to the left?
I liked the nautilus
Yea it's really cute!
Seriously people, what's with the avatar changes? It's the newest craze that's sweeping the nation!
Sorry, at least mine has an explanation.
At least its not something wierd, but where is the fun in that?
wow you too?! man I wish the admins would let me have an avatar...i feel left out
Hey at least the picture was taken by my camera. Why will they not let you have an avatar?
Heh. I suggest to everyone that they start getting used to reading the username instead of looking at the avatar to recognize a poster...makes life much easier. =]
i don't even remeber and THEY DON"T EVEN RESPOND TO MY pigeon PM"S NOW!!!
But it's so much easier to mentally process a picture and link it to a user than a string of letters and numbers...
Really? I must be one of those "linear"-type learners then. Pictures and Letters hold the same value, and letters sometimes even outweigh the pictures.
but the pictures are much bigger and thats what I see first
And with the picture you can just glance quickly at it to see who make the post so quick everyone change you avatar to the same picture. We just need to decide on what to change the avatars to.
shawty's like a melody......
it was because you had put an image that was representative of the Extremely Exalted member (three medals)
can i have the avatar thing back...PLEASE? I didn't know it was breaking the rules
"Sweetcoop, Robotman, you guys seem to be about the only people on this forum who haven't changed their avatar recently. Thanks for the consistency.

Oh, and cybert, read my sig. You left me no choice."
"OF ALL THE TIMES DC HAD TO GET A BLIZZARD WHY NOW??? WHY??????????????????
I've been looking forward to NAIMUN for months and now we have to leave a day late and might not even get to go at all.....NOOOOOOO (that would happen to me.....first chance to go to DC gets snowed out )"
Ask everyone that has been on here before me I have never changed my avatar since I joined I guess I consider changing avatars or in the case of facebook profile picturs is some sort of a curse for me.
Confused? I thought so. I'll change it back tomorrow because I also just look at avatars to see who posts.
I'M ON A BOAT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
<--- is that it
"Probably. It makes you look much more important.

There, I changed it back because the snow stopped and it's starting to melt. Happy?"
"yes. very.
I ACTUALLY HAD TO READ THE USER NAME. GASP.
and I though cypress doesn't have a pic, cuz he posts multiple times in the pointless 10,000 post thread."
"6 day weekend...
happy happy happy"
"Snow is cold.

I built a really bad model of the Burj Khalifa in the snow."
Yesterday our band director decided to show us a movie, because it was the last day of our shortened week. Great idea, right? Wrong. The movie that they brought in was Michael Jackson's This Is It Some of it was informative. The majority of it wasn't. And some parts... not appropriate for school. And that was just the times I was watching it. I'm not a big Michael Jackson fan, so I toyed around with my calculator for most of the hour. Yes, I know, I'm a nerd. But I'm proud of it!
WE'RE STILL GOING TO NAIMUN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
It's... PG... I don't understand the "not appropriate". Unless... you're making too much of the suggestive choreography...
Yes, I make too much of the "suggestive" choreography. Everyone else in the class agreed that it wasn't entirely appropriate for school.
"I really wouldn't think suggestive choreography would be a big deal, usually schools just go by ratings. Though perhaps whats ok here in NY isn't ok in KS.
On another note kind of related, my 9th grade english teacher would always try to block out appropriate scenes and stuff in movies(we watched a few movies with nudity--Name of the Rose for example) though she almost always failed epically. In Name of the Rose she meant to hit skip scene and accidentally hit fast forward and couldn't figure out how to fix it so we ended up seeing it anyway just sped it up.

Flying Spaghetti Monster"
Hah, two years ago, when we watched A Christmas Story at school, we had teachers standing by with the remote to mute it whenever someone swore (I was in 6th grade at the time). It was better than going to class at least.
Our teacher would always attempt to put a hand over the projector (that's what happened the last few years). I'm not trying to make a big deal about the choreography; I'm just saying that I don't go to band class to watch that sort of thing.
this is the 300th page of this thread
"must... be... random...

Nope. I guess I'll never be as random as dudeincolorado."
"I remember when we were watching ""Much Ado About Nothing"" on the TV...and our school's really new, so they have these new flat screen TVs on little hangers

And when we got to an inappropriate part, our teacher tried to whip it away from us really fast, and the hanger refused to turn. We ended up watching like half of a *nude* sequence."
"God I really hope that Lindsey Vonn will be able to compete in the the Olympics. She is from Vail, Colorado.

About teachers censoring movies my freshman english teacher had a sigh that said censored that she placed infront of the projector. As the year went out though the teachers didn't really care about the language. The Secret Window used pigeon and pigeon a lot and i belive pigeon was used once


Yes The Shinning by Stephen King takes place in Estes Park, Colorado and the movie was filmed in Estes Park, Colorado."
"1. is it possible to be nostalgic at age fourteen?
2. Avis_de-Incendia, you have the awesomest avatar ever."
"wow who is DarkSabre? (the green one)
edit that one^^"
One of DS's muliple accounts he uses for testing things.
Yep.
After midterms, we watched Speak because it corresponded with the unit we just finished. I mean, if anyone if familiar with the movie or the book, it's not exactly the most appropriate... The teacher did nothing to stop it though...
Yeah, and remember when she turned it around in the wrong part?
Butterfly.
?? Oh and last avatar change, guys I swear.
Forever?
Can you understand this??
Whoa, since when has jander14indoor been a moderator? I haven't noticed since I don't frequent the building event forums.
wow It was fairly recently i am pretty sure
"http://2002.ksl.com/news-4131i.php?p=1
Look my school was mentioned in an article and it even includeds comments made by my principal at that time."
happy lunar/chinese/asain new year! well, it's tomorrow, but i can't wait!
"CODE: SELECT ALL
   ▲
  ▲ ▲
I love the Zelda games.

I actually named my rat Zelda. That's normal, right?"
Chemistry and Physics have become my two new favorite things. Is that a good thing?

traitor. yeah, sure, cause ur already a nerd. we all are.
The new York Pieces are absolutely amazing.
"haha
sweetcoop wrote:
God I really hope that Lindsey Vonn will be able to compete in the the Olympics. She is from Vail, Colorado.
vail is amazing. and I'm sad that she can't compete
Hannah Kearney=1st US gold yesterday

TODAY is US's Chinese New Year
and YESTERDAY was CHINA'S CHINESES NEW YEAR."
Actually it's still China's Chinese New Year...it lasts for 2 weeks.
"Yes. Perfectly normal. If I had a dog, I would name it Ganondorf...however you spell it.

I don't know if I'm being sarcastic or not..."
"I am listening to the olympics and is trying to guess what sport is.

I think its skiing."
If it's the same as what's on NBC, it's moguls, which is a form of skiing.
"Hurray! No school!
President's Day is completely pointless...
Except for the fact that we get out of school!"
butterfly it is dam cold in Alamosa which is where i have to go today.
I love the Olympics!!! the mascot is funny for Vancouver.
People from Syracuse + Georgetown Mascot = fun
I'm currently listening to Jupiter by Holtz on my ipod!!
I'm currently listening to mr hit that by Treal Lee and Prince Rick
"Completely Awesome Afternoon:
Ticket to Ride, a win in Visual Eyes, a loss in Quiddler despite a 266, hilarious madness in Yamodo, and Last Word. Who knows what I'm talking about?"
Well I know the song "Ticket to Ride" by the Beatles if that's what you're talking about.
I love that game, Quiddler!!
"While I do like the Beatles, I was actually playing the board game Ticket To Ride (tclme_elmo was right on Quiddler. Everyone loves Quiddler!) I am a huge board game enthusiast. Settlers of Catan is my favorite, but Buffalo Games always produces some interesting ones. Quiddler is awesome, too. But you have to use the American Heritage dictionary (preferably 10th edition) over the Scrabble one. If you can't tell, I'm a spelling enthusiast as well.

Here's an example of Quiddler:
http://setgame.com/quiddler/puzzle_frame.htm"
"What i normally do at basketball games. Look at the Cheerleaders and actually watch some of the girls varsity game. What i did at these basketball games. Watched the game, Out cheered Salida's cheerleaders, Salida's student body, BV's cheerleaders, our student body basically told the cheerleaders You cheer White in the Red and White cheer and we cheer the red. And Cheer so loud that well i almost pass out and lose my voice. Dang BV's Boys Varsity lost by 1 point in overtime and girls varsity won their game. I will mention that this was a major rivalry game and i didn't think that the gym here could hold so many people because i know a lot of my school's fans had to stand on the stairs to the bleechers.



Off the basketball topic. I had the state competition for Academic Decathalon yesterday and today and my school kicked serious butt. we took a total of 19 medals and i had two in total. It was totally awesome."
Dude, I'm stressing about my surgery tomorrow. Oh well. It's just orthascopic, so it's no big. Still.......
Cabbage smells funny
"the celebration is for two weeks. the actual day is only.. a day.
zyzzyva98 wrote:
If it's the same as what's on NBC, it's moguls, which is a form of skiing.
im pretty sure NBC is the only channel that shows the olympics.
moguls is so fun to watch!

my toes are crimped up.
and my skin is dry. despite aloe lotion. i think."
Well i can say good-bye for the time being to Dynamic Planet and Ecology cause i will never give up WIDI
I am the school districts ninth grade math competition two-time defending champion. Between those two times combined, only one other team showed up. Well, that was easy.
wow. i bet that was fun.
Would you rather be a jew or a nazi during WWII/holocaust?
I just got home from my final drivers ed class and the ONLY thing I learned this week was that rotaries are unique to New England and the UK. Most of the time was spent on breaks and playing CoD. It was awesome!
Modern Warfare 2 I presume?
Caribou don't live in Nicaragua. At least last time I checked.
"Well I can say hello to DP for States. And Anatomy. And Ornithology. And Fossils. And Meteorology. Packed schedule. At least I know my way around this campus better than my way around the campus for Regionals.

Now I need to pack enough spearmint gum to last me over 4 hours of testing.

Gum is allowed at competition right? I never really tried it..."
Thats a good point, is it??
"Ahh I normally don't chew gum while taking tests and so it might just distract me instead...
unless of course i am extremely stressed out in which case, the fresh minty-ness will cleanse my mind!"
ugh getting sick of research
Ok time for back to back State Championships for Wrestling. Now the Basketball team needs to make it to the state playoffs again and hopefully all of our winter sports teams can win state.
"I finally got an avatar!!!
ona side note:"
haha. have you seen this one?
That logo's obviously a rip-off of the Philadelphia Eagles. Not that it's your fault, but I just noticed the striking similarity.
It was really nice knowing you all.
Haha. My high school's logo is almost exactly like that one, except for a few minor differences and the fact ours is read. And the fact that it's one of many logos I've seen. I'm still not sure if we have an official one.
actually yea I had ti research evolution before to put on a website and I looked at all the comedic ones, they were funny .
Seems kinda overgeneralized...
"Hmmm... I guess I'm pretty happy. I found this list of states in order of happiness:
http://www.livescience.com/culture/happ ... 00216.html

I'm going to see West Virginia in a different light from now on..."
But I'm the happiEST
lol robotman09 got a new avatar
So... I guess the avatar switching isn't over yet.
i can't switch my avatar until i get one in the first place =P
Here: http://images.google.com/images?hl=en&s ... q=&aqi=g10
You are not authorised to read private messages.
Who saw it today when it was 2:22 and 22 seconds? (on 2/2) I DID!
Tclme elmo and I were thinking that we should beat the record of 46 people being on at the same time. We want to organize a day and time for a mass amount of people to come on at the same time and see if we can raise that number. Who's with us?!
"ME!
We sould take a poll here in this thread. What dates are good? Remember that some us (like me) are in different timezones, so I get out of school at 2:35, or YOUR 3:35
This is gona be fun!"
Yeah, we were planning to get all the times organized and everything for people in each time zone, what would be a good time for everyone, and state your time zone?
Yeah, we could set up a time frame of about an hour, and that way if someone can't get on right away everyone else is still on. I say we do it on a weekend, maybe in the afternoon?
I believe that in phpbb, you are only listed as being "online" if you've been active for 5 minutes or less. So an hour time frame might not work.
I'd be willing to do it, and I might be able to convince the people from my team who are never on to get on as well. There's always the option of just leaving your computer or browser open while you do something else.
3752 more posts till 100,000 total posts.
possibly expect to hear about school shootings for the next few weeks, or at least expect to hear about Deer Creek Middle School in the new for a bit cause there was a school shooting there. This is in Jefferson County in Colorado about a 2.5 hour drive away from where i live. I imagine you have heard Jefferson County a bunch in 1999 with Colombine. Well Deer Creek Middle School is about 3 miles southwest of Colombine High School. This is the 3rd school shooting in the state of Colorado since 1999 WTF is up with school shootings and Colorado.
OH MY GOSH!!! IT'S SNOWING FOR THE SECOND TIME IN HOUSTON!!!! WOOT!!!
"O_O
dang that sucks"
Thank fully this shooting had no life threating injuries but two students were injured.
"It's good no one was killed. Too bad there was actually a shooting, though.

This one made me laugh:
http://mlb.fanhouse.com/2010/02/23/roya ... h-hot-dog/
Being a Royals fan, I can't help but wonder if he's suing for their poor performance on the field. And what is the proper method of throwing hot dogs?"
"Yikes. I'm glad my school is boring.

Just got back from a completely awesome orchestra concert (that I played in)."
"Sárga bögre görbe bögre. try saying that five times fast... if you can figure out how to pronounce it.
so at the invite a month ago, i had a bit of trouble pronouncing ""Menomonie"", so kjhsscioly and i made a tongue twister out of it: ""menomonie anemone anomaly"". hehehe."
ooh, is that Hungarian that I detect?
"yup. how'dya know?
also: ""kilenc kupac kopasz kukac"" is a good one XD"
"I'm pretty good at recognizing different letter patterns from different languages...but google translate does have its uses.

You guys like the picture in my signature?"
i just used up (i won't say wasted XD) a whole minute and a half of my life watching it.
SNOW DAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"For me as well, I was somewhat surprised FM didn't exercise their old policy of only 2 hr delays at most.

Though it is rather inconvenient, we're having our bathroom done today which means our only bathroom will be inaccessible for me today."
"RandomPerson52 wrote:

For me as well, I was somewhat surprised FM didn't exercise their old policy of only 2 hr delays at most.

Though it is rather inconvenient, we're having our bathroom done today which means our only bathroom will be inaccessible for me today.
i think i may hate both of you"
"And we hate you too robot. Or at least, I do.

Now get back to school >:)"
If we had a snow day, it would probably b/c of about an inch of snow! They did that once b/c some kids had never seen snow.
"Meh... we only get an early dismissal... though some people are betting on a snow day tomorrow which would have used up all three of our snow days

It's still snowing..."
Ha! We get five alotted snow days. Of course, we use significatly less...
"I think someone tried to convince our vice principal to give us a snow day. thus, making us inevitably miserable the day we have to come from a weekend on a Monday, have school, and then go to spring break. the snow is very wet.

Bye SOninja! I hope to see you soon!
lol
I just realized I have like three of the same events as sweet coop."
I think I may hate all three of you. fmtiger124 and RandomPerson52 for having a snow day and robotman09 for being a Texan. Jking. But really I think I may hate fm and RandomPerson for have a snow day. The only snow day my school got was in October so I got a white Halloween and no snow on Christmas.
Now that is funny.
HAHAHA duckie I LOVE your signature. THIS. IS. BARTA!
WHY thank you! Got the idea from Misme's sig.
"SECOND SNOW DAY IN A ROW!!!!!!!!!!!! how much do you hate me now robotman?

EDIT: Also, congrats to Jander14Indoor on becoming a mod"
"Yup another snowday.


Seriously, SO much shoveling. And I didn't have anyone to help me with it today for 80%. Though a nice neighbor came around with a snow blower to help me finish up
I'll come back with a picture later."
My shovel handle broke 5 minutes into my work
Snow day for me too! Though there's hardly any snow, just lots of wind, so I don't have to shovel.
"Here's a nice picture:

Shovel included as a reference point for height.

Click to make bigger."
At least, you seem have less driveway to shovel than I did when we got 2 1/2 feet of snow dumped on us.
snow day no school
The good new about not having snow is that we won't have to go dashing through the snow at regionals like last year... the bad part is no snow days.
"hopefully the snow will all be gone by states.... its getting kind of old now. and it doesnt snow much in march, does it?

snow day... had to shovel the driveway... and mind you, my drive way is long. >.<"
"i remember it snowing on my birthday. and im always upset, because it ends up snowing around that time. and I hate it.

trident layers are yummy!"
I wish I had snow! Even if I had to shovel the driveway!!! And our drive way is like 50 yards long! *exaggerates*
"That looks a lot like my house and yard when we get a good amount of snow here and no snow day.

I wish that this stupid snow would either go away or snow enough for a snow day, especially on March 26 and again on April 23, yes I get snow that late I actually remember the first snow day I ever got back in 2nd grade was the first weekend in May and I beilive that my town got some snow in June and July that year. I know that since I have been in school I have only had a total of 6 or 7 snow days and it sounds like many of you have gotten that many snow days within the past two years.

On a side note I think that teachers can bribe students with Extra Credit if some students go and shovel snow from infront of the metalshop, or at least my Metals teacher knows that cause I got 25 pts of extra credit it metals for shoveling snow and ice from in front of the building."
I think several schools, mine included, have regionals tomorrow. If so, good luck to all. If not, good luck to us.
Good Luck, I've already had mine and see you @ state!
leaving for regionals soon i think it may be a bit early
Whoa the record for most people on at the same time went up by 3!! Ahh!
Yeah go all teams in Northern Colorado beat the **** out of Pouder High School
Today was the most profitable tournament I've ever been to. I scored seven medals, ALL silver or gold including a team silver medal. It was like everything was going right. Can't wait for state when I hope to turn them all gold.
spleeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeen!!!!!
"spaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaam!!!!!



On a separate note, I had an amusing evening beating half the members of the (well now disbanded until next year) FM SO B team at Modern Warfare 2."
Are you forgetting what thread this is?
"YAYY! so happy for you!

i'm eating chinese pancaeks right naow ^_^"
Looks like cypressfalls Robert lost his avatar and three of his stars...
Happy Lantern Festival!
oh yeah haha happy lantern festival! forgot about that
I love how Marc-Andre Fleury wore a tie to the medal ceremony.
Wonder what he did now

"I. TOTALLY. JUST. DID. IT.

THIS WEEK. MARCH 1 -7. IS NATIONAL. PROCRASTINATION. WEEK."
"Ya know whats fun?
FACTORIALS!"
Heh Heh Heh...The Flying Tomato(Shaun White)'s double Mctwist thing sounds like something you would buy @ McDonalds!
"It's March already.

I had completely forgotten that February only had 28 days."
"Woah, isn't it wierd that we have the same number of posts?
RANDOMNESS IS AWESOME!"
"Today in English we had a quiz and one of the questions asked us to give the number of something. I knew it was between 1 and 7 so I put down 3! which could be interpreted as 3 factorial, which is six, or me just being really excited about the number three. Two answers in one!

Also today during band I realized I still had my playing cards in my binder from Regionals on Saturday so I played war by myself on my music stand when we weren't practicing. My right hand won."
lol yeah. i think hes trying to rename it after some large steak or sandwhich (some food) that he ate or something...
Wow. I bet it would be yummy.
Oh man Sweetcoop is about to enter total freakout mode since Regionals is this weekend. I still need to write my page of notes for Forensics and finish the Mission Possible. Wow i will be running off of nothing but coffee at the comp.
We have states on the 20th. I'm going on a ski trip the weekend before. I have a 6 page research paper due next week, a huge chemistry project due that week, lax tryouts everyday starting the 15th, read the entire book To Kill a Mockingbird by next monday, MCAS, and other huge tests. I need to get shirts made and make cheat sheets for every event as well as practically do every single building event. I'm screwed.
good luck (i think you might need it) XD
"""That's it! That's the train you don't want to get hit by."" (points)

""So basically we can get hit by any other train and it's ok?"""
"Buzz Aldrin is going to be on Dancing with the Stars
As well as Chad ochocinco"
For the record, the first comment was made by our track coach, and the second by one of our runners.
I will NEVER make a useful post again. 300! jk
go pleiades! I know you can do it because you're awsome! P.S. for better time management, spend less time on "Your Daily Random Comment"
"What did Pi say to I?
GET REAL!
What did I say to Pi?
BE RATIONAL!
BWAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!

Isn't everyone forgeting that this is supposed to be a thread of randomness?"
Ninjas are beast.
I SECOND THAT.
I so hate imaginary numbers. When are we going to use them in real life? Never, because they're imaginary. That's the whole point. They don't exist. Isn't it nice to know we waste time in math class learning about stuff that doesn't exist?
WOW 42 users on right now...KEEP IT COMING!!!
"After staring at the emoticon thing on the right, I realized that I rarely used the sunglasses guy, exclamation point, question mark, lightbulb, and arrow.



I feel strangely accomplished."
dont even get me started...
Don't you just hate doing things when you know you'll regret it later but you do them anyway?
"Not. Funny. At. All. A little offensive, too.
ON another note, There are only 10 types of people in this world: those that understand binary, and those that don't.

If you haven't figured out yet, I'm on a quest to find the worst math puns of all time"
Sorry
"Wow this is easy to figure out. How do you count in binary.
10=2."
I think you've already achieved your goal.
I just realized that on some days in over half my classes I don't go to the one I'm scheduled to go to.
i didn't have to go to school today until now
So that's why you were on. I can normally get on in my second first hour, second hour, sometimes fourth hour, fifth hour, and eighth hour. Yes, I have two first hours.
I get on in advisory(study hall) do you guys have that?
Yeah, it's not offered in my district but I was able to get one anyway.
"My school does offer it, but you have to give up a class (and therefore a credit) for it. There's 6 periods of required courses and 8 periods in a day, so basically you can only pick 2 classes your freshman year. I'm taking orchestra and something else, so bye-bye study hall. And don't even get me started on advisory (which is very different from study hall) at my school.

I never go on here at school though, because: a) I have no time, and b) my school monitors everything we do on the computer and tells our teachers, which just feels a little too stalkerish for me, so I never do anything other than schoolwork on school computers."
I have advisory...which is basically a 15 minute period before our lunch where we go to our advisory classrooms and do whatever your advisory teacher feels we should do. some people talk about bullying and respect and all of those things my school has assemblies about some really good teachers do funner stuff like have a gingerbread house competition during the holidays or something weird like having a personal stuffed animal dog which you name, make a collar for, and walk during advisory. I have one of the gym teachers for advisory...apparently we're having a volleyball tourny soon or something
I have a 5th event, and this year I somewhat love the reigonal and state basketball torunaments this year since that is why I got a 5th event, but last year I hated the tourney because two people that I have mentioned many times ditched out on the team and I was pushed into Dynamic Planet the day of the comp. It is different somehow this year.
What do you do in this event my coach just threw me into this with no booklet all I know is that is has to do with studying about the earth.
Ummm... this isn't an event? Are you talking about Dynamic Planet?
"This is an event in which you attempt to create the most random comment possible.

Seriously, you need to post event help questions in the event you need help in, otherwise we can't help you that well."
My coach today told someone on our team to hide the trophy from regionals so that another member of the team wouldn't hide it himself. She forgot, and then accused the second member of our team of hiding the trophy. Now that's what I call irony!
Advisory and study hall are the same thing @ our school. But I'm in division B, so that means I have to take study hall, it's required. But next year when I go to division c, its a choice.
The past week was my regionals ...I didn't sleep for 72 hours straight, and I had a physics rollercoaster due , and like three tests , it was bad
Random comment.
aww that can't have been good for you. at least it's over!
"i made the badminton team... o.O
now i can barely go to any scioly meetings"
"This was just simply amazing:
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qybUFnY7 ... r_embedded
(OK Go - This Too Shall Pass)

EDIT:"
oh yeah. my friend sent me that link. i ended up saying: "now if this were a junkyard..."
That was my first thought, too- "Oh, that would be a totally awesome JYC". I think we've both been in SO too long...
I saw that. I still like the marching band one better, because that's the kind of guy I am, but this one was still pretty cool.
"Forgive me for being surprised that a school has a badminton team.

That video looks more like a Mission Possible than a Junkyard Challenge, but that might be before all you young B people's times."
yes, and you're so old yourself.
Very fun comp and thankfully BVHS did manage to qualify for state now if only our high school team can get the schools charter bus and leave the Middle School with a short bus that allow the entire middle school team to ride home on the charter bus to that the high schoolers that wish can go to prom on the short bus. Well my school is kind of back in WIDI after we had a horrible experience last year with 15 and 21 at regionals and states respectivley we got 5th at state this year. Now Forensics and Experimental design are two different stories. I want to know how we got 19th at Forensics when i know that my team did everything correctly, and maber Dudeincolorado can explain exactally how Experimental Design was able to be ran like that cause that was in no way an experiment. And thank god that the staff band was playing again it was fun to be able to do the worm again before the awards and to start the wave before the awards.
"we have two days off before regional so we can study

actually they are for conferences"
luckkkkkkkkky
Today is the 148th anniversary of the Battle of Hampton Roads.
What is that in your avatar?
its some stupid stanley cup thing, it relates to hockey
Ooooh...
Come on cybert, grow up and give it a rest.
???
I must protest! The Stanley Cup is hardly stupid! I am appalled!

"It's Game 7 of the Stanley Cup Final, and a man makes his way to his seat right at center ice. He sits down, noticing that the seat next to him is empty. He leans over and asks his neighbor if someone will be sitting there. ""No"" says the neighbor. ""The seat is empty."" ""This is incredible,"" said the man. ""Who in their right mind would have a seat like this for the Stanley Cup and not use it?"" The neighbor says, ""Well, actually, the seat belongs to me. I was supposed to come with my wife, but she passed away. This is the first Stanley Cup we haven't been to together since we got married."" ""Oh, I'm so sorry to hear that. That's terrible... But couldn't you find someone else, a friend or relative, or even a neighbor to take the seat?"" The man shakes his head. ""No,” he says. “They're all at the funeral.""


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The Official Canadian Temperature Conversion Chart
50° Fahrenheit (10° C)


• New Yorkers try to turn on the heat.
• Canadians plant gardens.


40° Fahrenheit (4.4° C)


• Californians shiver uncontrollably.
• Canadians Sunbathe.


35° Fahrenheit (1.6° C)


• Italian Cars won't start
• Canadians drive with the windows down


32° Fahrenheit (0 ° C)


• Distilled water freezes
• Canadian water get thicker.


0° Fahrenheit (-17.9° C)


• New York City landlords finally turn on the heat.
• Canadians have the last cookout of the season.


-40° Fahrenheit (-40° C)


• Hollywood disintegrates.
• Canadians rent some videos.


-60° Fahrenheit (-51° C)


• Mt. St. Helens freezes.
• Canadian Girl Guides sell cookies door-to-door.


-100° Fahrenheit (-73° C)


• Santa Claus abandons the North Pole.
• Canadians pull down their ear flaps.


-173° Fahrenheit (-114° C)


• Ethyl alcohol Freezes.
• Canadians get frustrated when they can't thaw the keg.


-460° Fahrenheit (-273° C)


• Absolute zero; all atomic motion stops.
• Canadians start saying ""cold, eh?""


-500° Fahrenheit (-295° C)


• Hell freezes over.
• The Toronto Maple Leafs win the Stanley Cup."
"You disbelievers have absolutely no respect whatsoever.
Can you tell me which two teams were playing in this crudely constructed ""Stanley Cup Final"" used only for the purpose of a terribly bad joke?

EDIT: Okay, yeah, I agree with that last one. Don't like the Leafs much."
Yay go burn in hell you butterfly snow. 10 inches of snow and I know it won't melt before school gets out oh fun for another indoor baseball practice. Welcome to baseball season in the middle of Colorado's Rocky Moutians. And I hope that none of you except for mabey the Texans are wondering why I still have to go to school with ten inches of snow on the ground. If we cancled school here for this much snow we would almost never go to school.
what would happen if I knelt down and strapped the egg-o-naut pressure bottle to my back and pumped it to 75 psi and launched it?
We're three posts away from post #100000 on the forum. Well, now it's just two.
One.
And there it is. Sorry, I just had to post that. Let's not mention cypressfalls Robert and the 10K thread, ok?
so that's what you'll be doing instead of the 10k thread ...nice
I think 100K is more impressive, don't you?
New 13 inch baseball glove for this season I am ready for BV baseball when it finally stops snowing here or else I may not have a fun baseball season.
A member of my team just started humming the Indiana Jones theme and threw his watter bottle at the trash can. It hit the pencil sharpener above the trash can and the pencil sharpener, broken, fell into the trash can. The water bottle bounced off. He stopped humming.
So we were testing elevation stuff for Trajectory at Olympiad today, and we had just finished testing with the target 6 (I think) meters out. Not having anything better to do, I put the catapult on full power and fired it. The tennis ball shot almost straight up, bounced off the ceiling, and hit the target dead center.
I'm going on two-day leave from scioly because of region chorus this weekend.
Over 160 BVHS studensts are going to Fort Collins tomorrow to watch one of the Colorado 3A final four games. Buena Vista High School will be playing against undefeated Aspen. Now I understand that 160 doesn't sound like that many students to you guys but that is over half of the student body here. Lets just say that well school is officially a half day tomorrow. Go BVHS and go Doherty if you haven't played yet.
"I should be working on SO.

I just counted the number of posts that can be made in a thread before a new page is created. The answer? 14. It's actually 15.

I also need to get up early tomorrow."
It's set to 15 posts per page, unless you mean 14 replies...
"Why does our school think every person wants to go to the basketball game between our team that beat one, count them, one other school this year and our teachers? Nobody in their right mind would go see that, especially since it costs money to get in, but they even messed up the entire schedule for the day just for this awful spectacle. They never do that for SO...

EDIT: Also, never ever pull the fire alarm as everybody is leaving the building after school gets out for spring break. It's not a good idea."
"This is going to be a vulgar rant and I will say sorry now about any language.

Aspen you are a bunch of ******* rich snobs that do not in any way deserve to win the state championship or go undefeated. My hatred for Salida is almost gone and I despise Aspen now Faith Christian or Kent Denver which ever one of you won you better beat the ******* **** out of Aspen. There was no way that the ******* refs called that game fair Aspen got called for absolutely nothing and BVHS got called for everything. On the girls side Holy Family you better beat the crap out of CSCS for they do not need to go undefeated but I did want to see CSCS and Olathe in the finals cause than there would have been the second undefeated season for girls 3A basketball in Colorado, the first undefeated season of course was Buena Vista High School in 2005. I also want to say that Target sould go and burn in ******* hell because the Super Target in Westminster would not let our fan bus in because half of the people were under the age of 16 and we stopped there after 6:30. This whole night has been full of bologna with how crappy the game was and the Super Target being a *********. To make this day even worse I had to continue to listen to ""Use to Love Her"" by GNR so I would get one of the girls at my school out of my head."
Yeah! Go Olathe! Oh, wait you mean Colorado. I know our basketball team would never make the finals...
I knew you would say that. but I thought and even if it was Olathe and CSCS in the finals there would be one of those teams that would have gone undefeated and BVHS has the only 3A girls team to go undefeated. I did find out that BVs boys basketball team did have an undefeated season.
"Yeah... I guess I shouldn't have put the real answer in size 1.
amerikestrel wrote:
I just counted the number of posts that can be made in a thread before a new page is created. The answer? 14. It's actually 15."
I'm nervous for our states in a few days. My "If we get 1st place I'll eat my hat" bet is still on. <sigh>
Today is Donald Duck Day! And National earmuff day, and international fanny pack day, and National Open An Umbrella Indoors Day. It's also the last day of national celebrate your name week, and national words matter week, save your vision week, and Universal Women's week!
"It's Pi Day! Though I guess it would be better if I posted this at 1:59 and 26.5 seconds, so there could be 3/14 at 1:59:26.5

Hey, at least you guys have made it to States. Our Regionals are in 13 days, the WS plane only does nosedives, the Battery Buggy doesn't go, the Elevated bridge is basically nonexistant, me and another teammate can't make it to Regionals, notesheets are nowhere to be found, etc. We're much less prepared than we were last year, and our coach hasn't done a thing about it. Last year, we got the ""If you're going to participate in Science Olympiad, you're going to be serious about it and actually get some work done"" speech at the beginning of March which actually motivated us to work and finish with a 1st at Regionals and 7th at States. No such speech this year. Oh yeah, and last year, we actually got deadlines to turn in notesheets, which I think contributed a lot to our success, while this year, we haven't gotten any deadlines so there are no notesheets. I think the ""fail list"" I made (ie fail in all 23 events) is about to come true. I'm not nervous at all, though. I'm just really stressed out. Sorry, rant over.

What kind of hat is it?"
This place is (or now maybe because of this post was) on page 314 on pi day
Yay I am so happy Aspen got beat by Faith Christian and CSCS got beat by Holy Family in the state finals so no undefeted seasons for you guys.
wowwwwwwww...now if only you memorized that...
"I've got my song!
A long, long time ago
Long before the Super Bowl and things like lemonade
The Hellenic Republic was full of smarts
And a question resting on the Grecian hearts
Was ""What is the circumference of a circle?""
But they were set on rational numbers
And it ranks among their biggest blunders
They worked on it for years
And confirmed one of their biggest fears
I can't be certain if they cried when irrationality was realized
But something deep within them died
the day they discovered pi.
They were thinking
Pi, pi, mathematical pi
3 point 14 15 92
65 35 89 7
932384 62
6433832 7 (not rounded)"
Oh, wow
I know, right!?
I could just start typing random numbers after the first few and nobody would question it... except everyone on this forum.
"HAPPY PI DAY!
Its kinda sad that we actually celebrate Pi day as though it was a real holiday...
Check it out, its the first 31425 didgets of Pi: PI!
And all day I've been wearing my awesome Pi shirt: MORE PI!
Today is the day that all geeks everywhere rejoice, eat pie, celebebrate, and tell really bad math jokes while non-geeks look around and wonder why so many people eating pi and wondering why people are laughing so hard at jokes that don't make sense.
EVEN MORE PI!
Has anyone seen the Google homepage today?"
"lol we had a ""rain"" day... school closed! ~ wait... i need to get my permission slips signed by teachers for competition tomorrow... AHHHHHHHH
""Although power is slowly being restored, several roads are impassable due to flooding, downed wires, downed trees and personal vehicles. We are not confident that these issues will be resolved by morning. A number of staff live in neighboring towns, some of which have had substantial flooding and are inaccessible. Our buildings are generally OK, though we have intermittent power and alarm issues."""
"I definitely didn't do that....

Ha...it's fun to dance in the rain,"
"WHAT?! A RAIN DAY?! ME MADDDDD WE STILL HAD SCHOOL!!! but of course that means i could practice mah lab events

I liek pie. And refrigerator."
Today was sunny in Kansas. We didn't have a rain day because we're on Spring Break!!!
What? Pi Day isn't an international holiday? When did this happen? I actually baked a pi pie though, and I didn't set anything on fire in the process. Yay me!
fleet130 has finally become a moderator, with the whole color thing going...congrats
"I think that's all that needs to be said.

Also: it was all nice and sunny outside today! And no clouds...I don't think"
He's always been one just some sort of glitch made the color thing not work
So some smartass in my school, and I think I know who, decided to sign me up for Mr. BVHS, a male beauty pageant to be held at my school, and with my luck I was one of the 4 Junior guys picked to actually be in the pageant. Lets just say I turned down the offer because I don't do male beauty pageants.
"wow.
no offence (i guess it isnt?) but thats gay
literally"
Has anyone had a man named Mr. Kase come to their school before?
is it a good thing when the bracket you filled out looks almost exactly the same as espns bracketologist with a few differences?
"No, of course not. Look at my bracket. It looks nothing like the bracketologists! Of course, that's because I pick based on where relatives went to school and based on the team nicknames. Let's see... what would beat the ""Boilermakers""? What is a ""boilermaker"" anyway?

The actual answer to your question is yes"
lol agree
So you can see why I am not a part of it
"I'M SO VERY HAPPY. A WHOLE WEEK OF NO SO!!!
and then (maybe) back to work."
WHAT KIND OF DEVOTED OLYMPIAN ARE YOU????? You should still be spending time studying everything you think you got wrong or had trouble with on those tests! From now until then. After that, depending on the results,
"Okay, there are athletes, there are mathletes, but then we're just Science Olympiad Students.
Why can't we have a cool name too?
Though, among the science community at our school, we're The Team. Captiolized and all. But still. Everyone's like, ""Football or Basketball or what?"" when we say that in front of other people."
lol. we're the soleets! so 'lite get it! S.O. elite. lol punny
hahah yes i'm glad for our week off too.
Lucky people that are on break. I have to write about a five page report on Hurricane Katrina for US History, a page paper on the Boar War, and 30 questions for my college class, I may also work on a practice ACT test so I am ready for the real deal in April and I want to get higher than a 26.
It's not being on break. It's just the coaches are giving us the rest of the week off after States.
"Lucky...next week we have SO every day. And this is only for Regionals. I shudder to think what the week before States will be like.

Hey, did you guys make it to Nationals?

Edit: Never mind. I can see that you did make it. Congratulations to all of you!"
We aren't sure. (That sounds funny, doesn't it... "I don't know if I'm going to Nationals") Normally our state sends one team, however in the past they have sent two (I think) and the guy there said we might send two teams this year, so we're crossing our fingers
So it depends on membership? That would suck, getting 2nd but not being able to go to nats. I hope you guys will get to go!
So I have states THIS Saturday and FIVE people JUST told me that they CAN'T go. Two people also just told me that they didn't build their building events which they've had all year to build.
^^Now that REALLY sucks.
"T-T I am so sorry for you, that is almost happening to us with our bridge and junkyard!
And for the people that can't go, that is just suck because replacing even a single person is VERY hard.

Also, I just realized that I spent all of today studying anatomy through a chat room ._."
I just won first place at my regional NHD contest (with a paper). And it was a clean sweep for my school in the paper category.
"Good job, but what's NHD?

But seriously, it sounds very important. Congratulations!"
National History Day. You have to make a project (paper, exhibit, documentary, etc) about a historical topic, then present it and answer questions in front of judges. It's pretty fun.
"Eh, history isn't exactly one of my strong points. But NHD sounds pretty fun

So, is anyone else on spring break right now? =d"
3rd straight JV baseball game cancled and I am angry. but that my be because of the fact that Colorado managed to get even more snow today and I think it will be difficult for us to ever have the field ready to play on. On the upside I have one week till spring break the bad part is that I have only about 5 tests next week. The real high point is that my parents leave for Reno tomorrow and I am home alone for a little under a week.
"I would love being home alone...although I would probably be late for school .-.

I just found out someone on my team has a friend named Atticus....EPIC!!!

Also I decided because of someones signature here to try to start saying ""What the Atticus?""

Atticus fan 4 life"
"I also just got this message from one of the guys who was supposed to be doing mission - ""I spoke with (insert team member's name here), and she was under the impression that we build the machine at the actual event. Am I misinformed?""
*facepalm*
State's tomorrow"
For what it's worth... good luck
Good Luck at States! Our regional is next weekend and we are having our annual overnighter. Basically we study, watch a movie, play hide and seek, then "go to sleep" (hide and seek some more) and wake up, study more, and go home. It is really fun and great team bonding. The bad part is...it is right before regionals and staying up mega late apparently requires 2 weeks of recovery..
late night grand theft auto is fun...it teaches me exacctly how to get a car and treat women jk
What do the little "this is your warning level" numbers mean on your profile overview(at least on mine it has them), and what does it go up to?
I'm at states right now having a pick nick in this very nice 70* weather. We failed epically. Except I did really well in WIDI but my partner said that right after she left, she realized that she mixed up left and right on one part.
Hey send that weather my way. We got snow yesterday and are suppose to get more.
"It affectively means that that is how close you are to being banned
I don't think it goes very high"
so what is a one?
first day of spring
which means free water ice at ritas
School in two days...I hate the last couple days of long breaks because of the brick-on-your-head-oh-crap feeling you get.
"I have a one too, for a bad wiki edit I made as a noob in the JYC wiki that DS didn't like...
A one is a hey-watch-out-don't-do-that-again, I don't think its anything to worry about, just as long as you change your ways.
I don't understand the exact system, its something to do with your time zone setting and subtracting until you reach GMT-0... idk... ask DarkSabre..."
"Health Care reform looks like it's going to pass!!!!!
*dances a jig*"
not all of us are happy about that
So is Anyones brackets totally screwed up?
so I'm thinking about changing the theme of my account from h2g2... any ideas of what it should be?
You know what's really close to H2G2? HGTV. That would be entertaining.
"Grrr...Google Docs is really making me angry. Apparently, my both my SS and DP notes are above the max uploadable file size.

Yes, I'm excited about that too (mostly to see you dancing a jig, which would be quite funny, but healthcare reform would be nice too, I guess)."
Healthcare passed.
Yes, did you do the pick'em group? I don't remember you joining...
I just realized I'm down to two teams in my elite eight- Xavier and West Virginia. So picking without any background knowledge = not a good thing. The good news is everyone else won't get last.
You know, I've never understood peoples logic in opposing reform so insurance companies can continue to: Overcharge, drop people when they get sick, refuse to take people with pre-existing health conditions and put a cap on your coverage. Doesn't seem logical to me.
I don't oppose reform (I can't speak for everyone) but I just don't like this bill. The representatives are supposed to voice the opinions of the people they represent. All the Republicans and over 30 democrats voted against this bill. This tells us that either 1) the people don't want this bill passed or B) the government is more corrupt than we think it is, which I don't think is possible.
"Meh...

Well... I guess it could be worse..."
"This is sweet:
http://lab.andre-michelle.com/tonematrix

Right click on the synthesizer and paste these numbers into it:

87380,43690,87376,43690,87380,43690,87380,43690,87380,43690,87380,43690,87380,43690,87380,43690



Edit:

65538,32772,16392,8208,4128,2112,1152,768,768,1152,2112,4128,8208,16392,32772,65538

4014,2218,2218,2234,3968,62,4002,2082,2082,2048,162,290,3646,290,162,0"
"or perhaps the Republican party has decided its going to vote against everything that Obama supports.....there was some bill someone on chat was talking about that was pure republican policy yet every single one of them voted against it simply because it was an obama idea......thats the problem right now.....obama reaches out and republicans don't care and democrats in congress aren't willing to negotiate with the republicans.....so although the bickering isn't at all his fault obama is taking the brunt of it.
Also, republicans generally represent areas where they are naturally against democratic policy. Texas may stay republican for a long time since it's new education standards are basically rewriting republican policy into textbooks...not to mention seeming to think Americans are/were incapable of racism.

Also, people need to shut up about socialism all they're doing is making themselves look dumb............

EDIT: what ever happened to they days where we could pass legislation not just on party lines....................."
All of these are reasons why I don't get involved with politics.
I got voted most likely to become president in sixth grade. That's not going to happen! I do agree with fmtiger that we're getting way deep into the partisan stuff, but even so, I'm still opposed to the bill.
"I believe that the only fully honest against votes were the 30 democrats because the government parties are getting VERY one sided, where if it's something republicans support, democrats hate. If Democrats like, republicans hate.

I believe that there are ups and downs to the health care reform. Everyone should have reliable insurance, because it disgust me to see so many people dying because 1. Their company dropped them and they couldn't afford medication or surgery, 2. People do get the care they need but because of high rates on insurance they are never going to recover from the debt 3. They cannot afford it in the first place, so when something happens where with insurance, they would have been able to live but they don't.

Also I realize that this reform will be expensive, and there will be leeching of the system.

I think they should just pass new laws to make health insurance companies to do certain things like not being able to drop someone when they need major surgeries, lower prices, things like that to fix the problems with the system we have now.
I also think that people are overreacting to some of the current new things. I do not see how a public option affects the large companies really. I do not see why people are so opposed to a life saving system.

And just to say I am not a democrat or republican, and generally dislike the party system. If any party I would say independent."
btw, the person was a WOMAN. she was the person to tell us about the 2-team thing this year. LOL
"hey u guys can u please keep this random... politics makes me sick sometimes, not that im apathetic, just that I really don't want to talk about it on scioly...
I hate composition of transformations. I barely even get them. I APPLIED GEOMETRY FOR THE FIRST TIME IN ACTUAL LIFE YESTERDAY!
it was for construction purposes (as in outside stuff) but it's still real. right?
EDit: sry, double post"
"I would like to add that I am independent also, though I lean towards the conservative side. (Sorry, sewforlife. Now randomness)

I have to go to school tomorrow after spring break. Disappointing, I won't be able to spend 10 hours on here. Only about 8."
"Guess what we learned today in Algebra II? Long division. Yes, long division, the thing we were all supposed to learn in elementary school.

And I beat my teacher at simplifying polynomials. *sigh*"
That's pretty easy with my teacher. We even convinced her that right is left and left is right. Now that was entertaining.
"I am master baiting,


























































I am in the process of collecting the best bait by digging up worms!!!!!! LOL"

I had String Fest yesterday. (District orchestra). We were on tv.
Lol Avis has to correct our teacher some to.. He was sad because when he got a hundred, his grade went from a 105 to a 102 Does that say anything?
Regionals in two days. Ultimate panic time.
Oh boy I just lost Cell Bio for state, wait that is a good thing, the bad news is that I may have picked up Fossils just because I did the event last year. Ah Fossils you will never hear me never replace Rocks and Minerals as my favorite event.
"Such a pro...

EDIT: to robert"
Seriously, I could go on for hours about my math teacher and Algebra II in general...my main complaint is that she takes forever to "teach" us the easy stuff and then takes one day to tell us about the new concept(s), leaving everyone in some state of confusion. I find Google more helpful than my math teacher. That's not supposed to happen.
I remember back when we learned how to long divide polynomials and for a warm up my teacher put numbers on the board and told us to long divide and a lot of people were like Everyone's so calculator dependent.
"Honestly, I could say the same about my chem teacher...

But if you need help, ask

Especially me

Cuz compared to all of you, you all pwn me at scioly...
But I could probably give you a run for your money when it comes to math (I've also already taken Alg II, which would help)

EDIT: Oo, post number 4800"
"lol i learned to like synthetic division better than long division
good luck AlphaTauri! unbuilt building events...
i'm not surprised. it seems that 9 out of 10 teams always have something unbuilt the week before a competition."
Either they're unbuilt, or if it seems like everything's perfect the week before, something will invariably malfunction/break the day before competition. >.<
I know all about that...
"OK, I've changed my acount... what do you think?
Sorry to all the people that could pick out my posts from a group of them because of my green smilly face!"
it looks better than mine
I still think you should use HGTV
Lovin' the fractal but again, it's going to take me awhile to get used to.
I finally don't feel the need to whack you every time I see one of your posts now
lol
twss.
"You ever been in MathCounts? It's my third (and final) year, and I'm hoping to get Top 10 at States...we'll see how that goes...
Avis_de-Incendia wrote:
SOninja wrote:
lol i learned to like synthetic division better than long division
good luck AlphaTauri! unbuilt building events...
i'm not surprised. it seems that 9 out of 10 teams always have something unbuilt the week before a competition.
Either they're unbuilt, or if it seems like everything's perfect the week before, something will invariably malfunction/break the day before competition. >.<
Yah, synthetic division's got less numbers and in general less stuff to deal with. I don't really like either though, because I always miss a sign change or make some stupid math error and I end up with the wrong answer. And as for the unbuilt building events, the only really bad one is the WS plane, which only seems to do nose-dives. The others are ok, maybe good enough for a medal. We had this huge discussion the other day about how frustrating it would be to build an awesome bridge only to have someone sit on it at Regionals. We came to the conclusion that if your bridge survives being sat on (i.e. it's still in one piece), it's most likely going to get a first place."
^liek i make all those jokes in my school
"Yah, I felt I was getting to big into this forum (I think I'm one of the most frequent visitors... idk) and that it was too hard to take me seriously with that green smiley face. Even I was having trouble taking me seriously!
I'll change it back for towel day, though...
Sorry to screw everyone up with just looking at my avatar and knowing it was me!
I like your new avatar, robotman...
BTW, I was going to change it sooner, but then soobsesion made me assassin, and with my theme and all the clues being h2g2, I couldn't, then I just forgot, so here I am changing it now.

EDIT: Actually, it was sweetcoop. Sorry soobsesion..."
"Now This is Colorado.

60 degrees one day
blizzard the next
60 degrees the day after that
ohh what will tomorrow bring mabey sub-zero weather and snow in the morning followed by mild temp and sleet in the after noon and blazing hot weather and rain at nigh. Yeah that could happen and has happened. I hope that none of you from Texas say that Texas is the most bi-polar state cause it ain't Colorado is."
say what?
You're wrong, it's Kansas. Once again, if you don't like the weather in Kansas, wait ten minutes. Only in Kansas can you see all four seasons in one day... and that has happened. Last week, actually.
"Whoops, that was sweetcoop. Never mind.

Today in math we worked with 3D shapes. We found the surface area and volume. We counted the edges, verticies, and faces. And that is what we are doing in 7th grade math. I can not wait to get out of pre-algebra and into something a little less elemtary school level. I mean really, 3D shapes? Psh, we learned about those in 5th grade, and we are STILL working with them..."
Be glad you're in pre-algebra. It doesn't exactly get any easier from there.
god...i hate my life.....some random kid pushed me into a locker , and I just happend to be carrying my bridge to test, it freakin broke in like 10 places...its time to spend another 10 hours making another one
That's too bad. I hate in when sevies (term of endearment for 7th graders in our 7-8-9 district) start running through the halls, without any respect to people who may be doing something important. Passing periods? Don't get me started. Although I'm sure everyone here has had similar experiences.
dont talk about it i just got thrown against a locker yesterday.
"Lets just say that Colorado and Kansas are equally bi-polar cause everything you have described has happened here and Colorado is the land of if you don't like the weather wait 5 min it will change.

But still Colorado and Kansas equally bi-polar."
I think Texas should be thrown in to the mix (yea i know you hate texas sweetcoop but) in the span of 48 hours we had winter (30's) to spring (65-70) to summer (mid 80's) back to almost winter (high 30's)
When I was driving back from by Spring Break trip (Texas) It started to snow, then in Houston, it was like 70 degrees.
Once I was just walking through the hallway, and this guy carrying a big wooden box turned around and hit me with the corner of the box. I had a huge bruise for weeks!
Nah, Texas doesn't come close. Trust me.
"Yeah. Made nats last year from MI... Team captain (even though I didn't get first, based on chapter and team practices, states was regarded a fluke)

Although, I failed nats due to um... epic failure:

Fundamental Theorem of National Mathcounts:
2 hours of sleep + panic attack + DisneyWorld + parents not coming + teammates refusing to go swimming + very intense basketball /=/ (does not equal) as good placing as should've been achieved (countdown, anyone?)

And... yeah...
And... The written round winner was obnoxious... Go watch the cd webcast if you wanna know why..."
"You call winter in the 30's hell that is a heat wave here in the winter and just about 20 below average summer temp. No Texas is nowhere close to Colorado or Kansas which are equal on the list. Mabey top 25

And I don't hate Texas, I had a change of heart when I found out that where I live today was aquired from Mexico as a part of Texas. I just hate certian Texans and those are the Texans that decide that a deer in my town is such a big deal that they have to stop a minivan so about 8 people can pile out to take a picture of the deer, and the Texans that ski out Monarch early into the season. In truth if you come to my town and are not from Colorado and you act like a tourist there is a very high chance that I will despise for the fact that I hate tourists that come to my town every year and end up as our main source of income."
i am the 30100th viewer of this thread.
You're lucky! I live in Indiana, SO HARD FOR MATHCOUNTS. Plus, 2010 was a super hard test year so I epic failed and didn't make cd......... In Indiana, you needed 41/46 to make nationals, and this was probably the hardest test year ever! And I practiced so much......sigh David Yang was so funny btw(watched it on tape). I really hope 2011 Mathcounts will be an easy year so I have a chance at pwning.
"Dude, why am I lucky???

It was pretty much agreed that a kid from Ohio (who's name I can't spell) and I were both gonna make CD. Next thing you know, I'm having a panic attack while very very tired, and the kid from Ohio ruins out to go to the bathroom with 15 minutes left in Sprint. (I got a 28, 14 and 14... WTF? Who's target score = sprint score? I just epic failed sprint due to panic.)"
You're lucky because MI is an easier state to qualify for nats than IN.
"Oh, yeah, I guess it is...
Although, I like to think, as MI team captain, I would've qualified either way...

Anyways...Does CD count for nats qualification in IN?

Cuz if not, I doubt I'd have made it...


Hint: Move to Guam. Cutoff for nats was a 21 at states"
i have a competeion today
I should move there!
Howdy all, i'm posting this from the apple store in new york city
LOL one of my friends posted something on his wall on facebook from an apple store and couldn't log out , it was funny because he paniked for 15 minutes
im back from the competion now for fun gvyregvnchueabrfthybujnkgfyhcijnx8TYAUIJNDST7VAZHVHYSMCMIFOVM,VAIUUVNVHUGSOSMVHMFNNSHYRFDJSNV ERYDBVNM9RWE7VN9HYUTR SRRY IM RREAALLLLLYY TIRED
How'd you do?
we got most improved team and a trophy to macth it we got 5th in compute this and 3rd in wright stuff
I'm disappointed in sweetcoop for not solving this.
What on earth is that?
It's Hylian.
wow...zelda... really?
Yeah not really paying attention that Assassination round.
dude. i thought he was talking about a new pokemon game trick i've never heard of. "masterball" etc
thank you XD you just made my day
"I hate assessment schedules. The 7th and 8th graders have to take assessments, but the 9th graders don't and we have to follow a different schedule practically every day. The good news is I now get to spend almost half of my day practicing SO!

On a side note, our coaches were talking about chicken and waffles. Apparently, (no offense to anyone) it's from the south but I'd never heard of it. The number of jokes you can come up with is priceless. KFW? Yes, I'll take a bucket!"
Never heard of chicken and waffles and I'm about as far south as you can go... I bet it would taste good though!
Happy Passover...
I always yelled at someone to not play that Bloons Tower Defense 4 game...then I tried it at home and got addicted. Has that happened to any of you, or things similar to it?
Yay, no bread for then next 8 days!
Wow O.o ..... I got to level 54, SUN GOD!!!!!!!! I played it on my laptop for two weeks straight, any chance I got on the level with the roads, and went to round 127ish.
I just cheat to get tons of money in that game
sprinkles yeah !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!:B!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
It succksss...it might hurt to hear this, but I honestly do NOT like Passover. I haaaate matzah. Blech
"I'm not Jewish, but we have some Jewish friends and they were saying how they don't like Passover very much, but they still celebrate it.
On the flip side, It's Holy Week! Who's going to go to the specialty services like Maunday Thursday or Good Friday???"
I swam home from school today xD
I am, but I won't be able to go to my normal church for Good Friday because I'll be in Wichita, preparing for Saturday's state competition. So I'm going to go to one around there.
Eh, matzo's alright. I admit it's much nicer not to be restricted by this sort of stuff.
"It never fails.

With two days before we leave for state, our Trajectory machine's bungee is close to snapping, and now we need to change it and recalibrate everything. I'm experiencing deja vu, this happened the day before regionals but I'm not sure we can score -30 again. It's going to be close whether or not we get everything done. Panic time? Oh, yeah. March Madness it is."
hmm what day is it......
Anyone see xkcd today?
or google i mean topeka
"that was amazing
try
find kitty
cat
make me a sandwich
sudo make me a sandwich


Hopefully the mods didn't mess with the wiki"
Happy April fools day
Yeah! Topeka was awesome today!
If I recall correctly last year didn't the mods hide the general chat section from all the other users.
"Youtube's textP and gmails removal of all vowels were pretty amusing too.

I spent half of my computer science class typing things into xkcd, the only amusing one I found outside what robotman has shown is ""go west"""
also hi, xkcd, go away
Ah what happened to my shorts and flip flop weather. Now there is a heavy wind and snow is falling from the sky. Make it stop I want to have a High School baseball season.
Here we go, we leave for states tomorrow. Wish me luck! (and the rest of my team). Anyone else have states (or any other competition) on Saturday? If so, good luck!
beat em good beatem hard:D
when is the last states competition?
That would be NY or PA or something. They have theirs at the end of April or the beginning of May.
Has anyone else here done the AMC 8? I epic failed with 21(still school winner though).
There's a thread just for AMC talk:http://scioly.org/phpBB3/viewtopic.php?f=4&t=1808. I wom my school in 6th grade, but I forget what I got. I do remember that I didn't take it in 7th or 8th grade.
Yeah, April 30 here. However, I believe NY stretches out their State competition over 2 days which would either be April 30/May 1 or May 1/2, so theirs is the latest. I don't envy the team that thinks they have no shot at Nationals and therefore doesn't prepare for Nats, somehow places 2nd at States, and ends up with only 3 weeks to prepare.
xrdctfvgbyhunjkl;hyyyyyyyyyyyyybnghyjnyhjknyuhjmyubnyhujbrxqawsedrftgyvbhnjmkiopp[[,...ok08o55567lbnkffkbnkjnfacvzfdlknc ok then done with random typing carry on
that sounds like my team. except we think we do have a chance, and therefore, we are preparing.
"Good luck! I hope you guys get to go to Nationals...

If my team somehow miraculously got 2nd at State, we'd be like ""Yeah, right. It's a scoring mistake. We're not going to Nationals."" and completely slack off and not prepare at all."
Hey! You're at states right now! Hope you're pwning all the tests~!
cutting grass in Houston, on a hot 90* day sucks
"We should be going to nationals. But we aren't.

Saturday we just had bad luck. We ended up two points- two points! out of second place and two points out of nationals. But we should have had those two points, because in Junkyard Challenge, the judges didn't do a very good job timing. One judge had a 60.6, the other had a 61.8, and our unofficial timer had a 60.8. Obviously, the first judge wouldn't stop the timer until after he heard the mousetrap, so I don't know what the other one was doing. I wasn't there, but it appears they averaged the time and we got a 61.2, which I guess is .2 seconds off of a perfect score. Instead of having a perfect score, we got eighth and lost our chance to go to nationals. Also, in Dynamic Planet, the test was the same as the previous years'. Other schools knew about it, but this was actually my first time doing Dynamic Planet so I had no idea about the repeat test. I took third anyway. I'm certain I could have gotten first and those last two points if it had been a new test. We had some consolation; complete strangers came up and watched our trajectory machine specifically because they thought we had the coolest one. And I medaled in all six of my events. But right now I'd like nothing more to trade in those medals for a trip to nationals. End rant."
"Ouch...

That really really sucks..."
Wow...ur like my inspiration now...6 medals...dam. But srry for ur loss, u totally deserve to go to Nats...
...hope thats not us, we won by 3 points and went nationals last year so it sucks for the third place team
"at least you still have many years of science olympiad ahead of you
and your team is good enough to have a chance at nats.
can you imagine the teams that don't even make it to state?

anyway, feel better. 6 medals is amazing!"
Dang...two points? That can't have be a fun bus ride home. But, as SOninja said, look forward to next year and be content with everything you've accomplished (of course, this is coming from the person whose team has no chance at ever going to Nats). Be glad that you go to a school with a strong Science Olympiad program and that you have a fighting chance at going to Nationals. And SO isn't just about getting to Nats, the experiences matter more than where you end up. Just remember: there's always next year.
Apparently the people up front could hear me and my friend venting almost all the way home. But I am lucky to be in such a great program with such great teammates, and next year the entire team is practically all moving up to the high school together, so the next few years should be okay. Thanks for the encouragement.
It's too bad you guys didn't appeal the Junkyard ruling........
We did, they just averaged the times and it was still over 61 seconds.
Hey Z, don't forget, your awesome coach is moving up to the high school next year too and will be the coach there!
WHOA, dude, your avatar's like, a HDTIGER. O-M-G.
naww I thought it was a 3d bunny rabbit ;]
My 6th grade year the High School team here didn't make it to states and my Freshman year, 2 years ago, the team also didn't go to states. I know how that feels and I also know how it feels to know that your team has no chance at going to nationals.
"And I bet they were thinking, ""Ok, the person with 6 STATES MEDALS can't complain about anything!""

But really, that is absolutely amazing. I'll have 7 events at States, and I'll be lucky to get a single medal, and at absolute ""not-gonna-happen"" best I'd say I could get 3, and some people say I'm one of the best on our pretty competitive team (consistently winning Regionals and getting top 10 at States). Congratulations, I don't know how you do it."
"HAPPY EASTER!!!!!!!!!!!1
Today our pastor preached about Groundhog Day... anybody care to guess how that related to Easter???"
wow....Donovan McNabb is a Washington Redskin
"Wait, wait, what? *hurriedly goes to the nearest football source*

EDIT: Well, this will be interesting... for all you people on the east coast. Who's going to start for Philadelphia? Kolb? I don't think they'd start Vick...

EDIT2: NFL.com's draft order bar at the top still has the same glitch as last year, you'd think they'd fix it."
"I think we were all really flabbergasted by the end of the awards ceremony. some of us were crying. COUGH.

edit: LOL washington redskins??!?! hahaha"
PHILLIES: CRUSHING 11-1. YAY!
You posted that on the baseball thread too...
They're starting Kolb, that's why McNabb was expendable in the first place, because Kolb did so well filling in when McNabb was injured. Although I wish he'd have gone ot a team outside the division. Oh well, at least there'll be some interesting matchups this coming season.
Ya I know I posted it here first, then remembered that there was a baseball thread, and so never deleted it off of here. Whatever
Nonsense~! they could have been spring allergies! and lol flabbergasted is such a funky word.
"supercalifragilisticexpialidocious

and backwards...

suoicodilaipxecitsiligarfilacrepus"
I propose that element 118 (Uuo) be named "unobtanium"
I just lost The Game.
"FML

I lost the game"
"GAH, you made me lose the game for like, the sixth time today!

So, me and my friends have come to the conclusion that, if we can pull off a decent dragon in spfx, we could probably make a better version of the Eragon movie than the pros did. And after nats, we will be giving it a shot.

Oh God, we're such book nerds."
Well still at 1.000 with an OBP of 1.000 and 3 RBIs with one BB and one HBP
"I am too !

eragon is such an awesome book, but I know so many people who won't read them because they are too long

(note location... how many people get it?)"
"1 game...

How many at-bats? 3?

Is there anybody out there with an average of 0.000? After the first game?"
YES! Eragon is SOOO GOOD! But they completely trashed the movie... WORST MOVIE EVER! Those that have read the book agree, those that haven't disagree, or so it seems.
I thnk Brisinger<-- spelling? was one of the best ones in the series.
It's Brisingr and I have yet to read that one. I would rather live in Teirm or something... Uru'bean is a scary place.
"One at bat and yes there are people with a 0.000 batting average. My goal is to beat my .333 batting average that I had last year.

And yes that was the first game because of the stupid snow and weather here in Colorado"
The last time I played baseball, I had a 1.000 batting average over the entire season against left-handed pitchers. I actually faced quite a few. I had somewhere less than a 0.100 against righties, though, so I'm not the best baseball player. But I play wiffle ball very well, if that counts.
"Brisingr is the best book in the series...

uru'baen would have been okay when elves held the city...."
"pshaw, i think i'll stick with arty fowl land ... and being a trekkie
... plus i don't remember a word of what happened in eragon"
Hmmm, I still have a Borders gift card. HGTTG?
Isn't it always nice to realize, "Oh, wait, I have a Borders Gift Card here?" That happened to me a few months ago.
Actually, I read the book, and I thought the movie did a very good job of turning what I thought was a made-for-movie book in the first place into a movie. Though it might have worked better if they had split it into a couple of movies.
"The inheritance is rather terrible I hate to admit.

...and despite this, for some reason I love them anyways. I know its quite hypocritical, a really weird feeling actually.

Brisingr would be the best in the series if Paolini would cut out the really unnecessary parts, which there were a lot of."
I think it was all the detail that contributed to the feel of the book, and there really weren't that many unnecessary parts..
"this was not a made for movie book... I refuse to watch the movie because it messes up my perception of characters

either way, the only books made for movies are those under 200 pages, Eragon would make a good series of movies, but limited to 200 pages of the plot each"
There were tons of it, I'd say the majority of the book was boring and unnecessary.
I know a lot of people who say that, but often, they bore easily... I look for vivid detail in my literatur, and books where authors only write what is necessary for the advancement of the plot
So anyone here ever read The Shining by Stephen King. Oh did any of you know that The Shining, book and movie, are set in Estes Park, Colorado.
It is odd how often I find them lying around...
"Also, I personally thought the writing itself was quite bad.
kjhsscioly wrote:
this was not a made for movie book... I refuse to watch the movie because it messes up my perception of characters

either way, the only books made for movies are those under 200 pages, Eragon would make a good series of movies, but limited to 200 pages of the plot each
It was totally made for a movie. Anytime he tried to write anything other than pure action/plot (such as anything to do with a deeper message), it came off as unoriginal and corny."
YES! DO NOT WATCH THE MOVIE! Its easily the worst movie ever, and it does completely ruin the book.
You can't really say, "The Worst Movie Ever," because there's always one out there that's worse.
lol zz your sig
"I think you might have phrased it wrong, so I'm going to assume you meant ""where authors don't only write what is...""

And I definitely see where you're coming from, but I think brisingr went waay, waaay over what was necessary up to including what was pointless. The part of brisingr where eragon helps orik become king, which was a couple hundred pages long If I remembered correctly, was really where this was obvious to me.
Its not something however that made me hate the book, far from it. Nor is it anywhere as bad as the books worst feature (all the characters being mary sues >:( !)
zyzzyva98 wrote:
You can't really say, ""The Worst Movie Ever,"" because there's always one out there that's worse.
Agreed, It's called Twilight. I do agree with robodude though, the movie was god awful."
"Woah, whats this, Random agrees with me?
Yes, I agree as well- although it is one of the worst. Along with Twilight. I've never seen that movie, nor do I want to. We should start a list!
(sorry tclme- just this once I'm going to have to disagree with you.)"
"What about it?

Random comment time:

I do believe I have mastered the art of the one-eyebrow raise. I'm sure there's some cool word for it somewhere, but I've spent more of my time perfecting it than learning about it."
"[quote=""zyzzyva98
Random comment time:

I do believe I have mastered the art of the one-eyebrow raise. I'm sure there's some cool word for it somewhere, but I've spent more of my time perfecting it than learning about it.[/quote]

OMG ME TOO! a couple months ago i was OBSESSED with it, and i ALWAYSS raised my one eyebrow, at EVERYTHING. my mom got annoyed, but my friends were all jealousssss"
"SAME... that is so cool... but I can only do my left eyebrow

also... the part in farthen dur is not a couple hundred pages, in fact I think that Orik being king is going to be vital in the next book, as they will likely need dwarves... nothing really happens without a reason..."
by the way zyzzyva98 our school has lost second place by 2 points 4 times... so yeah...
I can't remember how long it was, but it was at least a hundred, if not two. I don't just mean the specific part when Orik becomes king, but all the time eragon spends in the dwarve's homeland. It was important for Orik to become King as the Varden needs the support of the Dwarves. But it was not important to give the whole thing so much attention as he did.
"""Right when things are looking okay, when the light at the end of the tunnel might not be a crazy guy with a torch and a chainsaw, a giant boulder from the ceiling of the tunnel falls in front of you and the only way to get across is to climb over it. Sadly a rabid pack of bats and wolves come out of nowhere from above the boulder and your about to get attacked and die.""

FML. pigeon Pandora and her friggin box."
Mushroom dude!!!!!!!
I can only do my right!!! It's funny b/c I'll be holding the right side of my face and trying to make my left go up XD Other ppl seem to find it hilarious to watch. look this guy can do it!!!--->
I randomly clicked on Balsa Man's profile and learned he's 64
He's a coach - "Science-O Coach"
dang how did robo become exalted?!?!?!?!
"by adding junkyard pics or whatever to the wiki or something. I forget. Something to do with junkyard pics though i think.
SOninja wrote:
Nonsense~! they could have been spring allergies! and lol flabbergasted is such a funky word.
Nonense! I don't have spring allergies! How do you know that I was not peeling onions the whole time during the Awards Ceremony?"
Yeah, I uploaded some of my JYC pics to the image gallery after DS requested some. BTW, in one of the photos I took, I accidently got my foot in the picture! However, I was able to photoshop it out. The first person to figure out which picture that is will get a cookie!
I'll give a tentative guess at "overview" (http://gallery.scioly.org/details.php?image_id=2115) because the tubes on the bottom of the picture are cut off.
"I'll guess it's one of the 10 pics of your JYC you uploaded to the Image Gallery.

Bleh. PSSAs tomorrow and basically for the next 2 weeks. The only reason I like standardized tests is because it equals almost no homework.

Edit: Time to dump my Solar System notes onto the wiki page (in an organized fashion, of course)."
"So, I'm sitting in Geometry class, bored out of my mind, when I discover, OMG OUR SCHOOL DOESN'T HAVE FANFICTION BLOCKED.

I spent the rest of the period reading... /. Dx"
i've noticed our school doesn't either... but i never said that
says the one reading star trek fanfics during lunch
omg i remember the PSSAs! i took them in like 3rd grade
"lol we were talking about charge in physics. Apparently that topic switches completely to modern physics. We talk about the large hadron collider and black holes. So I tune in, and my teacher starts explaining the atomic bombs of hiroshima and nagasaki and apparently, splitting exactly 1 atom doesn't yield much energy. good to know.
and then my teacher thinks it's time to go back to charge so I tune out and start reading about holograms in the textbook. I'm pretty sure I'm going to fail the next test next week."
"the last sardine cannery is closing down this week.

now i guess you wont be hearing the phrase ""packed like sardines"" in the future anymore..."
OMG that's so sad! I'm going to use that phrase "packed like sardines" from now on. I used "best thing since sliced bread" before so why not
no more sardines nononono! haha this is a huge loss to for SOninja
"I dunno... I had canned sardines once from a dollar store and they didn't taste very good
but sardines hold great significance in my life... so it's pretty sad to learn about the last cannery... AGH SO TRAGIC

on a brighter note, tomorrow is april 15th
go to your local starbucks and get free coffee all day AS LONG AS YOU BRING YOUR OWN CUP!
yup you're welcome"
they should have that starbucks thing.. like every week.
I went there today with 3 thermoses but I got denied... maybe because I'm asian and cheap like that
"lol happy tax day yay freebies and i don't even pay the taxes. my parents do ^_^
This is funny... I didn't know ice cream pizza existed."
"What is this water that is falling in the sky in Buena Vista. Oh I think it is called rain. But rain in April with the winter we had is unheared of.


On the plus side on May 28 I get to go watch the Rockies against the Dodgers and I will be sitting 4 rows up from the field down right field."
"First thunderstorm of the year! Now summer has begun, in my mind.

In other news, GAH I MISSED THE FREE STARBUCKS. D="
Ah I do happen to love my town and its unpredictable weather. Rain two nights ago and yesterday, and guess what the was precpitation last night but it wasn't rain it was SNOW. Darn right when I thought that the winter was going to be over early this year it snows again.
what is this:? http://scioly.eezway.org
random
wow I am up really late and watching Nine Innings From Ground Zero. That is a great documentary about the 2001 World Series of Baseball.
the next member who joins the forums officially gets to be the 12900th member.
"come over to texas, where the weather is bipolar.

one day its tunderstorms for a ""week"", turns out it was only a day and the next day its clear skys, warm weather, and it stays like that for two days and all of a sudden it starts raining. no signal, no wind, no cold front. its gay here."
"pjolala wrote:
sweetcoop wrote:
Ah I do happen to love my town and its unpredictable weather. Rain two nights ago and yesterday, and guess what the was precpitation last night but it wasn't rain it was SNOW. Darn right when I thought that the winter was going to be over early this year it snows again.

come over to texas, where the weather is bipolar.

one day its tunderstorms for a ""week"", turns out it was only a day and the next day its clear skys, warm weather, and it stays like that for two days and all of a sudden it starts raining. no signal, no wind, no cold front. its gay here.
Well it seems that Colorado has Texas beat in the terms of which state is more Bi-Polar if you read my self quoted post. Not trying to decide which state is the most Bi-polar just stating that Colorado is more bi-polar that Texas"
So is Kansas. Reiterating that.
Yes Kansas is as bi-polar as Colorado and more bi-polar than Texas.
Tonight, I, a freshman, get to go up to the high school and tell upperclassmen why they should join Science Olympiad. It will be... entertaining, to say the least.
"Fun fun

I would KILL to be able to do that advertising...sadly to say...I can't...

If I tried, some druggie would run up and stab me...I don't know...

In other news, my team failed at state FPS for outsmarting the judge... We need a not-so-smart member to hold us back."
we have state in 3 days and one of our best people just dropped out, and I actually thought we would make it to nationals, now everyone will have to work double hard
gess what im going to nathinals wooooooooooooooooooooooooot i eel bad for you
Hah, next year, I, as a freshman, will have to come back to the middle school and tell middle schoolers why they should join Science Olympiad. By the time I graduate, the middle school team will probably have died from lack of interest.
That's what I'm thinking. My old school will have two returning for next year. Gonna be fun for them, I'm sure.
Good thing 4/20 is during spring break! Otherwise the entire school would smell like pot and not just the "prime locations".
I'm enjoying 4/20
who knew middle school (8th grade) would be so dramatic...
why is 4/20 so special?
It's obviously because it's the password to a level on Puzzle Frenzy, a game that comes standard on TI-84 Plus Silver Edition calculators. It's either level 31 or 32, I forget which.
"Fail nerdiness

It's actually national pot day... I don't have a clue as to why."
"dunno, it's also hug a jew day according to one of my friends.

and i'm gonna play bass clarinet tomorrow! so excited!"
"Well I know the exact answer to this but I have a great reason now to say this

Of corse it is the day the Keli McGregor, president for the Colorado Rockies, passed away this year, Rox have something to now play for.

Now to the serious matter,

4/20 is Adolf Hitler's birth day but the day you may know it for


Exactally 11 years ago today, Eric Harris and Dylan Klebold murdered 13 of their fellow classmates at Columbine High School before they killed themselves. God I can still remember the images on the TV the days after the tragic event and I was only in Kindergarten at that time. Columbine High School Massacre was considered the worst school shooting in history at that time."
I'm pretty sure it's weed day, at least I think so.......woof ....woof....ahhhh
bleaarghhh i'm tired -head falls on keyboard- darn out of the blue AP world homework (she never assigns homework... like ever)
whats up guys ^^ time*
No it is stoners day, you are suppose to get stoned at 4:20 on 4/20
same thing...
Just got back from the dentist. He kept saying "you have a level one omission in the front, a level three tendency on the left, a one millimeter differential..." I kept expecting him to say something along the lines of, "I'm sorry, your condition is terminal."
"nice... thats...pleasant.....

umm... yeah... *trying to think of something random today*
oh yeah, tell me how this works
every link for activities works on our school page
every one but the Science olympiad link, that ticks me off!!!!"
Wait...you're not banned?
"Yes people
I HAVE BEEN UNBANNED FOR CLOSE TO 6 MONTHS!!!!!
arrrgghh!!! WHY DOES NOBODY REALIZE THAT!!!
sorry i get frustrated easily"
"i think i may have broken my left thumb T.T
and i have the final piano recital in three days. and the final exam for piano next week. boy am i screwed."
post number 5000
"awwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww

post number 5001"
"i have state in one day...

we are so not prepared"
You are so lucky you get states on a thursday...I get up at 5 am on a saturday for states
Same here. I'm surprised there would be states in the middle of the week.
same exept 5:30
We have States on Tuesdays. Always on a Tuesday (though once a Thursday).
"Lucky regionals here has always been where I have to get up at 3:00 in the morning to get to the school in time.

Luckly for the past two year my coach has been awesome and the team has been awesome at getting the funding that for states we will be leaving at 3:00 on the afternoon of the 23 of this month for the state comp on Saturday.

On a side note my brain has started the annual brain dump of all information before the state comp today as I managed to fall asleep in my classes while reading the text books for the classes."
states is on a thursday here in PA, but i have to leave next thursday to get there on time.... its like a 5 hour bus ride....
aHHHHHHHHHH free _______ lotion samples. for girls only.. tehehe
"Nooo...it's on a Friday. I get to miss a pep rally. Yay! (Sooo boring and the Science Olympiad team never ever gets recognized. Ever. No one cares about us. I feel depressed now. )
...
...
...
Ok, I'm fine now."
The same thing happens here. I keep trying to convince the people who organize it to recognize us (since we're the only extra-curricular activity/sport at our school that actually does well.)
"i sprained my thumb really badly... now my doctor says i have to wear this black brace for three weeks... which means no gym (yay!), but no badminton for the rest of the season (which, granted, was only one week more... but i can't compete in conference!), and NO PIANO! gah! that means i'm missing a recital, the final exam, and the honors recital! which means next year i'm going to have to take the exam at the same level i would've this year >.< and i won't get to perform the pieces i've been working on for ages! augh darn you gymnastics!
ahem. rant over. i'll be off to continue reading A Separate Peace for school"
Not for long if you continue to post in bold caps.
I found out today that I made it into my school's Symphony Orchestra
Ahh Congrats!!!!!! You must be really good! What do you play?
STATE TOMORROW! That would be... state solo / ensemble.
"yes! i finally brought my weighted GPA up to a 4.7 from a 4.6!
... now i just need to keep that 90% in chem..."
at state right now...
Got a one at state solo / ensemble! Yes! Thank you, Mozart!
what instrument?
French Horn, of course.
Niiiiiiiice
what... how is that even possible...
"Congratz. French horn seems like a super hard instrument to play, the hand movements and all. Clarinet seems so much easier lol, though I tried out on bass clarinet and can't get very high notes out without squeaking. hahaha.
SOninja wrote:
chia wrote:
yes! i finally brought my weighted GPA up to a 4.7 from a 4.6!
... now i just need to keep that 90% in chem...
what... how is that even possible...
If you take hrs/APs you get 5 points added to your GPA which makes your weighted GPA, if you get anything above a 95 unweighted your weighted will be over a 4."
What new_horizon said and some schools GPA's aren't out of 4. For example, F-M's is out of 5.5 (world's most illogical #) sadly ours isn't weighted which is extremely annoying
cybert? an exalted member? wow... congratulations.
our regular classes are out of 4, our weighted/AP classes are out of 5. 5 of my 7 classes are weighted or AP, and i finally have all A's (but barely)
I play the string bass. I swear to god, like 80% of our SciOly team plays an instrument really well...
"Eh, I'm not that great at my instrument.
Today's the 20th anniversary of the hubble space telescope launch! Random thing they put on google."
"Hm... I still think we should have our gender available somehow for people to see. I don't like it when people assume I'm male, and I don't like it when I incorrectly assume someone else gender. Dark Sabre locked our debating thread... she probably guessed that we'd continue debate elsewhere.

...I briefly considered writing ""female"" for my location, but then that seemed so strange. : /

: P"
Lol, I love how you called DS a female... just for that she will probably lock this thread as well! At least people don't get my gender confused
I have to say that I agree
"Dark Sabre? She???

I think you need to edit your post"
"Eyjafjallajokull.

Love the word."
"Whoa! My thread's been locked! I didn't even notice!

If you guys want...I can start a thread...then compile everybody's answers into the first post so that you could find it with Ctrl+F..."
"Holy crap, States is in 4 days! Hello, little to no sleep, frantic studying, and general panic. Goodbye, social life (what's left of it, anyways).

Edit: WTF? Why is my internet not letting me get to the site I need to study?"
What events?
"In order of likeliness of medaling and favorite-ness:
Trajectory- Pretty accurate and I'm quite good at bucket shots.
Solar System- I've got lots of notes, I've studied, Top 10, here we come!
Dynamic Planet- Probably time to understand the basics and some details.
Compute This- What website? Well, we did well enough last year without one...
Anatomy- Cramming the night before.

We are soooo not prepared."
Agreed. I was posting about it in the Dynamic Planet thread and I have to admit that is one of the coolest words in the book. Though I still need to figure out how to pronounce it.
Ugh, our solar system test wasn't that great... pretty much the only things covered were lunar phases, features on Mars, and Jupiter's moons. If you didn't know those things, you were screwed.
Integration Bee tomorrow, should be fun.
whats that?
Hockey's over, my avatar must move on to baseball. So sad.
What team is that? I can't see it very well.
Kansas City Royals. Love those powder blue uniforms. They're seriously the coolest in the MLB. But maybe that's because I live in Kansas City.
I had a dream where I was stealing oranges while in prison.
"O_o Albedo! It must have been for the albedo.

Meanwhile, I am practicing cursive. For homework. For Spanish. In middle school."
"hah! I know that teacher!

procrastinated and thus, is going to die. Physics test, english test, spanish project, english project, super long math hw, math test in the next week. fun fun. =D
just forgot I had to read all of 1984 by monday! twice! this is what you get for being lazy over spring break
And I'm not playing bass clarinet until after the concert, I cannot wait for these three dumb weeks to go by..."
"Don't look now, new horizon! It's the thought police!

Lol, I 've been writing in cursive ever since we started Shakespeare in English, reading Shakespeare for some reason just makes me want to make my handwriting look better."
Had a dream about a scary movie that I'm pretty sure doesn't exist. So if in the next few years you see a movie involving gigantic, meaty, & decaying hands and is called Attack of the Hands either A) I directed/produced a big screen movie or B) I'm psychic.
wow really funny
Taco Wednesday and it isn't past the 2nd.
love big brother. Oh well, I took an animal farm test today and I didn't think I did so well.... some questions threw me off.
"r u kidding...i thought it was easy. except for 1 question I didn't know if the answer was d or b. I ended up choosing b for burger king.
I know, my thought process is so random and doubleplusungood. but hey, i checked the book and i got it right"
"some of the multi choice/quotes/whatever screwed me over...

whenever I find a large block of balsa wood, I'm going to make a realistic 3D model of the berlin wall. I love this project."
Today I started a limerick battle with my English teacher. It's completely awesome. Every year we've resolved to find a way to have a war with a different form of poetry. Last year it was haikus... those were a bit easier.
"Haikus are awesome
But sometimes they don't make sense.
Water buffalo.

Old I know, sorry."
The version I heard had "refrigerator" as the last line.
gargoyles are cool
Yeah thats the standard version, I thought I could at least be original enough to make my own last line.
My signature and zyzzyva's slowly start becoming more and more separated in their transitions.
"I'm posting this to see if what blue cobra posted is true...
EDIT: It is!"
i'm bored i'm in french i need to study for physics next pd... O_o
You're at oldest a 9th grader and in physics?
Did "Gallery Mods" get added recently or have I been oblivious? Either way, congratulations Aia!
"Brand New Job

Congrats Aia"
Unfortunately, yes, our school system is extremely weird (it goes physics, chem, bio). I don't remember the rationale but it's a stupid one, considering many of the physics teachers are new and are extremely bad at teaching.
in our entire district, only my class did Physics in 8th grade while everyone else did generic science, and the enriched strand in high school goes chem,bio,physics... which means i have to take physics again junior year
aww not you.....congrats
"Wow, ours is completely opposite,
For the normal track:
Science 8 (mix of stuff) -> Earth Science -> Biology -> Chemistry -> Physics

For them, Biology and Chemistry can be Regents (the normal level) or Honors,
If they choose to take it, Physics can be Regents, Honors, or AP.
If they really suck at science, they can skip chemistry as well and substitute 2 science electives.

For the Advanced track (it skips Science 8 altogether)
Earth Science -> Biology -> Chemistry
After chemistry, the scheduling gets wacky, most will take AP Biology (me) or AP Chemistry (fmtiger), and then Honors or AP physics.
Some can stop altogether, some can do AP Physics first then the others.

For me, I'm planning/have done
Earth Science -> Biology H -> Chemistry H -> Biology AP -> Physics AP"
You forgot Non-Regents chem Random (the lowest level before having to substitute two electives), I think that might exist for physics and bio too
"I'll go (starting at 7th):

Life Science - Earth Science - Biology - Chemistry - Physics - None (only three credits required, I'll need a year of foreign language)"
"Apparently ours is really messed up then.

We have: Bio --> Chem1/Phys 1/Both/GBE/Anatomy/Enviro/Astronomy etc. etc. --> Chem AP/Bio AP/ Phys B/C AP/all the choices for 10th grade ----> all the choices for 11th grade..."
"You get astronomy.. lucky.... I want an astronomy course.

anyway, i FINALLY FINISHED my balsa wood 3d model of the berlin wall! fortifications and all that stuff. I'm hoping my group will like it..."
yo i'm so jealous !!! i want astronomy... can i move to your school? or does anyone's school offer forensics?
"You can take my astronomy class. I absolutely HATE IT. The teacher knows next to nothing. The first day I corrected him 12 times [no exageration] and then after that, I just stopped because I didn't want to be ""that kid"".

On a side note, I love it when the school decides it's necessary to do a reverse 911 to let us all know that we have school tomorrow. Just got the 4th call in 5 minutes. Day #3 of boil water order tomorrow"
They should just turn this thread into the 10,000 post thread. This thread is like 2,000 posts higher than the actual one.
i also just figered that out read the title of mine
"My school's science goes (starting in 6th grade): Basic physics/bio -> basic environmental -> earth sciences/force+motion -> Bio (either college prep (normal) or honors) -> Chem (also college prep/honors) -> Physics (again, college prep/honors) -> AP Environmental, AP Chem, AP Bio, or AP Physics (I think)

The thing about honors is that they have very lax requirements (80% or above), so it doesn't end up being a truly accelerated class. I think a lot of people take it just for the prestige of saying they've taken Honors science. And as for middle school science, the curriculum was recently changed to FOSS, which really butterflys me off because it has you do all these stupid experiments to find out something you most likely already knew and they seem to take the most circutious route possible when they try to teach you something. Alright, rant over."
"Anyone know how to solve this? It's giving me a headache.

In ΔMLK, MK = ML, and the perimeter is 32 cm. A, B, and C are points of tangency and LC = 4 cm. What is KA? (The diagram is not to scale.)



A. 4 cm
B. 14 cm
C. 8 cm
D. 12 cm"
The triangle is isoceles, LC=KA.
A. 4 cm
Crap, I just realized that its asking for KA, not KL. I knew that...
I'm officially a grad from Scio...I changed from Div C to Grad ........and I really wanted to go all the way this year, and it was funny because I barely joined last year(and wasn't taking anything that seriously) and made it to nationals and this year we lost, when I was actually trying........fml
I'm waiting for after Nats to change to C just in case an "accident" befalls one of the teams ahead of us and they can't go.
Knowledge is futile.
Hey zz I learned of someone else from Kansas......what do you know he's even weirder than you...........: DrLecter
I just realized that there will be a team C-4 for Nationals. I wonder how they're going to get through airport security with "C-4" written on all their building event boxes...
"i guess they can just write it on their boxes after they get to the university of illinois, or they could just put their school name on the box and be done with it.

i just realized that exactly two thirds of my post count is ornithology. just goes to show how obsessed i am with that event."
haha
"you've got like 17 days for an accident to happen. >.>

Our science course goes (starting 6th grade)

Earth Science --> Basic Bio Stuff --> Physical Science --> Physics --> Chem --> Bio --> Your choice/none

You can be in 9th grade and take Physics AP for all they care (I know some people who are considering that), but science is the one course that they can't let you drop down from."
18 days of actual school left...
I just organized 464 pictures and am about ready to uploaad them to the gallery
dang theres like 50 people on right now, is it chat or something, what am i missing in there
My science teacher is honestly the worst teacher I've ever had in my life. Since she teaches Earth Science, I thought she might be interested to know that someone else in my class and I medaled in Dynamic Planet. She said something to the effect of, "You couldn't have done any better?" I had no idea how to respond to that...
"Okay, our science track goes, starting with 6th grade and going to 12th grade:

Physical Science-->Life Science-->Earth Science-->General Science (Intro to Physics and Chemistry)-->Biology-->Chemistry-->Physics

11th and 12th grade you can diverge from the path if you're higher or lower than average level."
12 school days to go. And DrLecter is my lab partner in school... he's not very weird.
YOu guys are so lucky!!!!! we have like 22 more days!!!!!
"May the 4th be with you!!!!!!!

Happy Star Wars day.

Any way I have 17 days of school left."
Over a month for me.
Finally got tap water back in eastern mass!
Why did you have it dissapear?
"VIVA JTL METEOROLOGY!!!! WE GOT 1ST!!!!!!!(at states)
well.... i got 6th for the third year in a row in Road Scholar... *sad sounds*
got 12th in Reach for the Stars/solar System for the 2nd year running....(got third first year)
Once again the Wright stuff plane gets broken (this year its the wood's fault, not an adult)
And, well, WE GOT 5TH AT STATES!!!!!! YEAH!!! (*ahem* higher than with EASTstroudsburg13 *ahem*)"
You're not annoying. And I have factoids that disprove your claim as to your team placing higher than mine, but I will withhold them for now.
You're friggin ridiculous. I have, another, say, 35-40 days!!!!!!
11 days to go...
School always ends in the middle of June for me.
wow...we end before the end of may and begin around the last week of august
"Cinco de mayo!

EDIT 1: Okay. I'm haveing troube with this math problem:



It's a regular pentagon inscribed (or circumscribed, i forget the difference) in a circle. Find the probability of choosing a point randomly in the circle and having it land in the pentagon. Like... the probability of a point to land in the pentagon. Which means you need to find the area of the circle as well as the pentagon. There are no values. All you are provided with is the regular pentagon in a circle.

Keep in mind that this is a geometry level problem. I asked some of my family members and they came up with weirdo ways involving sin theta. I don't even know what sin theta is. So yeah... keep it so my simple mind can understand Thanks.

EDIT 2: Cookie to whoever can solve it (and explain how you solve it) first! (Please...)"
"The fact is, I'm not sure it's easy to do without sine.

Assume the radius of the circle to be

Now, the interior angle of a regular pentagon is

Drawing the radius to two adjacent points on the pentagon gives two angles of

Next, we drop a perpendicular between the 2 radii to the side of the pentagon. This bisects the angle at the circle's center (it's the altitude of an isosceles triangle) So, we have two 36-54-90 right triangles.

We know the hypotenuse to be To find the other two sides, we need sine.

Sine is defined as opposite/hypotenuse. In this case, sine of, say, 54, is our perpendicular/r. So, we use a calculator to find sine 54. , or

Using the pythagorean theorem, half the side in the pentagon (the remaining side of our triangle) is . So, the area of our triangle is

There are 10 triangles, so the total area of the pentagon is The area of the circle is , and so our ratio is

And that is our answer. I don't know how to box it with Latex like AoPS gurus, so I'll have to apologize.

Anyways, I did some intermediate rounding, so watch out for that.

EDIT: If you want, I can solve it without sine. But, that involves analytic geometry and calculus. So yeah, we'll leave it at that."
Thanks you so much! <gives winneratlife a cookie> And I understood that too.
i got 0.7568
"winneratlife wrote:
Anyways, I did some intermediate rounding, so watch out for that.
So yeah, you're probably right. I just explained it. It took me 10 minutes to type it up. I wasn't going to take another 3 minutes to get a real calculator, or another 5 minutes copying down each result to 8 digits..."
"does anyone know why they teach geometry in schools?
I mean, i don't see it very often and I think you should do alg. 2 right after alg. 1 because you have the stuff fresh in your mind...."
Or you could just set a value for the radius of the circle, and use your knowledge of trig to figure out the area of the pentagon and get a percentage. At least, that's what I'd do (not always recommended. I usually make life harder for myself than it has to be).
"For MathCounts!

No, really though, people use it. At it lays down a bit of a foundation for calc. And alg 2 is wayyyyy different from alg 1. Seeing as I doubt you've taken alg.2 (you're in divB, alg 2 is advanced 9th grade in my district, which is 1 year ahead of the typical district, so you'd be in geometry unless you are in double-advanced or are in a similar fast-moving distrct), I'm not sure I can explain. Alg2 is stuff like functions and conics, as well as matrices and vectors. Some of this needs a geometry background.

Also, because math builds on itself, math doesn't have to be ""fresh in your mind"". Alg1 is part of geometry, so it stays ""fresh in your mind"" to alg2.

EDIT:
AlphaTauri wrote:
Or you could just set a value for the radius of the circle, and use your knowledge of trig to figure out the area of the pentagon and get a percentage. At least, that's what I'd do (not always recommended. I usually make life harder for myself than it has to be).
That's what I did. I just set the radius to

This:
a) Teaches the value of generalization early on.
b) Doesn't make any hidden assumptions (if I set , like I was very tempted to (I know it works), you make the generalization that it is the same for all values of The problem may not be consistent (it is in this case) and may want the answer in terms of"
"Conics and vectors? We haven't gotten to any of that stuff in Alg II. I think my math teacher is the furthest behind and I'm not surprised, based on said teacher's inability to explain anything clearly or get through the class period without making at least one quite obvious mistake. Although, I have fond memories of Geometry, especially when my teacher told us to never, ever, use SSA to prove triangles similar/congruent. (""If you use SSA, you make one out of yourself!"")

Oh, and I MathCounts!"
"For MathCounts!

No, really though, people use it. At it lays down a bit of a foundation for calc. And alg 2 is wayyyyy different from alg 1. Seeing as I doubt you've taken alg.2 (you're in divB, alg 2 is advanced 9th grade in my district, which is 1 year ahead of the typical district, so you'd be in geometry unless you are in double-advanced or are in a similar fast-moving distrct), I'm not sure I can explain. Alg2 is stuff like functions and conics, as well as matrices and vectors. Some of this needs a geometry background.

Also, because math builds on itself, math doesn't have to be ""fresh in your mind"". Alg1 is part of geometry, so it stays ""fresh in your mind"" to alg2.

I guess so, I've done algebra two. I'm failing it miserably (got a C last quarter...but I'm managing a 84 for the rest of the quarters so it's ok).
I might drop down a math grade to do the normal, CP version of pre calc next year, or I might take alg 2 again... I don't know really."
Amusing considering SSA becomes important once you get into law of cosines (where you can tell whether it makes 2 triangles or not, and what angles for each of them).
http://goooooooogle.com/

Isn't it Law of Sines, not Cosines? We're actually learning that right now in Alg II/Trig...along with relearning what sine, cosine, and tangent are. Yeah, it's not like we didn't spend two months on all this last year...
"And don't look now, but theres a spider crawling on the wall behind you.
I should have paid attention in algebra..."
This Saturday, our band is going to a festival at Worlds of Fun (KC's local amusement park). After we perform, we have the rest of the day to enjoy the park. My friend and I managed to get paired up for the buddy system and now plan to spend the day going around to random strangers quoting Douglas Adams, specifically H2G2. I'm sure we can all agree that Mr. Adams has given us enough material to last seven hours.
He takes Alg. 2. That is the typical "advanced" course for a ninth grader in our district. (Starting from 6th grade: Pre-alg. --> Alg. 1 H --> Geometry --> Alg. 2 H --> Pre-calc H--> AP Calc AB --> AP Calc BC is the typical "advanced" math placements in our district)
"yeah. whatever.

THAT PARTY TODAY WAS SO EPIC.

and i'm reading 1984. for the third time. because i'm bored. =P
and we watched this documentary about north korea in class today, and it's so sad that 1984 could become reality...I mean those people are like, so brainwashed.."
http://www.bing.com
bing=because it's not google.
"Oh. He's DivB and first year, so I really didn't expect him to be a 9th grader...lol.
AlphaTauri wrote:
Conics and vectors? We haven't gotten to any of that stuff in Alg II. I think my math teacher is the furthest behind and I'm not surprised, based on said teacher's inability to explain anything clearly or get through the class period without making at least one quite obvious mistake. Although, I have fond memories of Geometry, especially when my teacher told us to never, ever, use SSA to prove triangles similar/congruent. (""If you use SSA, you make one out of yourself!"")

Oh, and I MathCounts!
Oh, well our Alg II class must be different. We spent an entire semester on conics alone.

And @ MathCounts... it's great... until you fail a lot harder than you know you should have *cough* Nationals *cough*"
"lol I only joined SO in high school. xD
and conics... we spent maybe 2 weeks on those? right now it's arithmetic and geometric sequences. scared for uhhh..... word problems.... and memorizing all those formulas is just so fun fun. reminds me of geometry when we had to memorize tons of formulas for volume and surface area."
"Yeah, your class must be a lot different then mine. I could go on for hours about how horrible my Alg II class is.

MathCounts: I know how that feels. At State, I missed two Target Round problems that I should have gotten (stupid mistakes) and ended up getting 13th. If I had answered them correctly, I'm pretty sure I would have gotten a spot in the Top 10. I would say there's always next year, but it's my last year as a competitor. At least I can come back to student coach next year...That reminds me, have you seen the MathCounts coaches t-shirt that says ""I create problems: see if you can solve them at mathcounts.org""? I really, really want one of those."
"At nats, I missed around...uh...12 sprint problems that I should've gotten (no joke) *cusses out panic attack*

And I would've placed top 10. I really placed 76th

And no, I haven't seen those shirts. I also elected not to student coach because:
a) Marching band
b) Sci-O
c) I wouldn't be doing much, seeing as all the current coach does is hand out tests. Maybe when he steps down, I step in and go to nats 1 more time.

EDIT: Butterfly! I found out YESTERDAY that I was invited to Michigan All-Star ARML team! The letter was dated ""February 27, 2010"". Why on earth would my school wait 2 months to give me the envelope?!? Now I can't go"
Shout out to all the mothers on this forum....(duckiegirl2)lol
"this seriously made me punch my computer, I got to level 10 and quit
http://theworldshardestgame.net/theworl ... stgame.htm"
You think 10 is hard? Wait til you get to 26!!!
did you actually get there, how many deaths?
Tomorrow begins our last full week of school.
lol wow...........
"[bitter]lucky you[/bitter]
duckiegirl2 wrote:
cypressfalls Robert wrote:
Shout out to all the mothers on this forum....(dukiegirl2)lol
lol wow...........
... Really cybert?"
Oh woops yeah you're right. Brain fart (in my defense, 'sine' is in 'cosine').
49 more members to join the forums until 13000
"lol, guess what we're ""learning"" this week: the Law of Cosines! *sigh* Time to take a nap during math! Again.

I'd really love to say what I honestly think about my math class, but that rant would probably get me banned for all eternity."
my (asian) anatomy partner's mom was at the JETS award thingy (we were both in that too =P). she came up to me and asked me if i was me, i said yes, and she introduced herself and shook my hand. then she patted me on the head and said, "oh, you're so cute!" she was my height, so she had to reach up to pat me. and because of her accent it was more like "oh, you so cute!"
All that I really learned during that unit was how to write a law of cosines program into my calculator . Saved me about two hours of work altogether. (of course, I deleted the program for the test).
My teacher lets us use our programs on tests...
Sounds like almost every asian mom I've ever met. The first couple times, it's like "ok, this is sort of awkward", then it just becomes really embarrassing. It's one of those "this would be funny if it weren't happening to me" moments.
does anyone here play pocket tanks?
Hey. For me...well... basically, I generally keep telling the teacher when she's making something harder than it is or doing it wrong. I've also developed a habit of napping in that class. So, generally, she's gotten to the point where, whenever I point something out, she's just like "Put your head back down"...
"would you like to state those now EAST??????

btw what do you mean
EASTstroudsburg13 wrote:
You're not annoying."
My teacher doesn't know about my programs
And he didn't even spell my name right. again.
YES!!! There is "an outside chance" that I may be able to go to ARML with the Michigan All-Star Team! W00t!!!!!
I'm at school. In Health Class, WOOT!
"love the location!!!!!

Spent the 2 days memorizing all the moons in the solar system by image.... wasn't even on the test and i still got 12th..."
40 more members
40 more members
I'm still waiting for a spot on the next assassinator thread!
Really? The game just ended... and I'm still waiting for fm's PM, so don't hold your breath...
lol, im very impatient hurry up!!! lol
I promise that I will send the invitation as soon as I get the PM!!!
"I'm just glad it didn't start in the previous two days, between thunderstorms, band concerts, and thunderstorms, I haven't been on for more than ten minutes in the last 46 hours. It's killing me.

EDIT: Darn weather radio going off again. Gaaah! Lots of lightning around... still."
"I BETTER GET A SPOT TOO!

By the way robo, remind me to never ever pick you again. I hate watching really fun rounds that I can't be part of
zyzzyva98 wrote:
I'm just glad it didn't start in the previous two days, between thunderstorms, band concerts, and thunderstorms, I haven't been on for more than ten minutes in the last 46 hours. It's killing me.
Meh, this is the time of year I get two concerts a week between band and orch."
Add tornado alley in there, and you'll see what I mean.
My orchestra concert just missed my birthday by one day this year. Usually its either the day before my birthday, or the day after, but once when I was in 5th grade, my Brother (who was at the same high school I am at now, and I think the same orchestra) did have one on my birthday.
"http://elearning.gau.edu.tr/pxy/index.p ... Q0Mw%3D%3D

or the vid
http://yeli.us/Flash/Fire.html

^^like, who hasn't heard this?"
Five school days to go... am I the first one to get out on the forums? (not counting seniors/graduates)
We have 20-something... there's a board in the cafeteria that keeps track. I haven't noticed the number in a while though.
Hah, I've got a school concert today. For some reason, they always combine orchestra and choir, but band gets their own separate concert. Apparently we're not special enough to get our own concert.
Yeh I got there with probably around 1oo something deaths.
Who likes my new avatar....hehe
falls off his chair....cybert a 3 medal exalted? wow.....this is embarrassing that hes that and im nothing
YES!!! The "outside chance" came through! Yeaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
"this year is the end of my div. B
SO career. I probs won't go on here a lot anymore (until 10th ish grade)
anyone going to CTY please check GENERAL CHAT. thanks!"
Whoa whoa whoa... cybert! What have you done!?
I'm in the middle of spamming the image gallery with my pictures, I have over 400
"Well Ihave 9 days of school left.


I have just spent $120 on a wooden baseball bat that will get hung up in my room and never taken down(Jimenez No Hitter bat!!!)"
Wow. That's a really good example of irony.
just listened to the new we are the world..... it's so bad...
This Tuesday will be the half-year anniversary of me joining the forums.
congrats.
Sweet, I just noticed that I became exalted.
Congratulations, amerikestrel.
I just got a userbar! I like it...
and that is what exactly?
The little mini slide show thing at the bottom of my sig
I knew that. you can tell them about the duck i got if you want.
Ok, so yesterday we went to the aquarium as a Sci Oly field trip, and she got a duck! It was epic win!
A real duck?
I'll clarify. It was a carnival type restaurant and I won it by throwing rings on coke bottles. (it's a stuffed animal)
You should make it your new avatar.
I've noticed people are saying "epic fail" much more often
Lol, IRC chat! Excitable Flying Object!
Or perhaps Epically Failing Object?
Who doesn't love a good game of Nickname Musical Chairs???
Oh my gosh, that was awesome! I have to get on chat more often.
"Wow. Okay, now I'm going to go copyright my username.

EDIT: Wow, I was just reading an article on MSNBC.com. A bit of a typo...

Oh no! They are going to take away our right to wear T-shirts!"
lololol. that's hilarious.
Nice. Of course, someone's going to send an email to MSNBC and it'll be corrected within the next few hours.
"I think MSNBC needs a couple lessons from my English teacher (""Always, always proofread your work and check for typos!"").

Y'know what really reflects the (sad) state of the world today? I went to a Chinese restaurant and had to ask for chopsticks."
"Overall this was a rather good weekend.
I managed to get a Rockies T-Shirt for Ubaldo Jimenez.
I got to spend the whole weekend in the Springs.
I went to Chaple Hills Mall
I managed to win a small amount of scholarship money, $75 to be exact, from bowling.
Oh and I bowled really great. I shall list my awesom scores for all 9 games
190, 166, 210, 189, 147, 195, 113, 146, and 159.
I managed to average 168.33333 pins per game, and I was getting tired near the last three games."
"I really hope they don't do that....
i wear t-shirts like twice a day"
On my way to Illinois on a bus watching National Treasure!!
ummm when would you not wear t-shirts??
Good luck to all teams going to Nationals! Hope you all do awesomely well. Like... awesomely well.
Last day of school tomorrow
"lucky!

good luck to teams going to nationals. I wish I could go. D="
Yes, good luck to everyone going to nationals! And especially good luck to Bala Cynwyd and Strath Haven — be sure to let them know what an awesome state PA is!
"Seconded! Especially good luck to the other PA teams too, Harriton and Penncrest!
zyzzyva98 wrote:
Last day of school tomorrow
Not fair! I'm stuck in school for 3 more weeks and I've got finals coming up."
8 1/2 more days of school. including finals.
lucky children... i still have 17 days left...
Children? Now look who's talking. I have like 21 days left. >.>
"I'M FREE!!!!

But only until July, when SO practice starts again."
"your SO starts up again in JULY? i wish!
gah! tomorrow, and the next week finals! i'm not going to screw chem, no i'm not..."
"The fact that we live at the bottom of a deep gravity well, on the surface of a gas covered planet going around a nuclear fireball 90 million miles away and think this is normal is obviously some indication of how skewed our perspective tends to be." -Douglas Adams
is nationals this weekend??...lol at myself i don't keep track anymore since we aren't going (and Im too lazy to look my self )
"YOU OBLIVIOUS, JELLYFISH-BRAINED CHOPSTICK! Sorry... best insult i could come up with thats not quite insulting...

Yeah it's this weekend and Ultimate is today!

Physics Day! Six Flags woot!"
This website is one of the few websites the school doesn't block.
"Google homepage is the best its ever been... I've never seen a logo you can PLAY!

EDIT:
Good luck to all at Nats! I'll try to watch the Parade of States online if I can. ESPECIALLY good luck to Beckandorff and Riverwood! Both of you will do great!"
Since now I just discovered that we MIGHT have SO next year I'm celebrating by copying binary10101's avatar. ... I know, it doesn't make sense...
You're right. That does not make sense. May I ask why?
I figured I was celebrating, but how copying avatars is celebrating is is unknown..
"AHHH nats is about to start!!! The opening ceremonies are starting soon!

(I think) Amerikestrel found this awesome link to watch it live, for all those not going:
http://flash.atlas.illinois.edu/video.h ... yer=HDLIVE

I've never seen the opening ceremonies, so I'm excited about seeing how they're run, but sad I won't get to see first hand \
For all those going, good luck!"
I though the website said 6:00 EDT instead of CDT so I rushed to my computer at 5... and it wasn't on yet.
I like the design of Google today. Very interactive.
Came back from Six Flags. Kingda Ka was intense. Now I'm tired and have a headache.
uhh what do you do if you missed the live streaming?????
umm... you get sad and make sure you dont miss the awards ceremony?
"Yes, both me and randomperson will miss the award ceremonies, so we both put a screen recorder on our computers, and I'll even build a quick robot to start the recorder >.<

EDIT: We are soooooo nerdy for doing these things...."
"The one I'm using does make the video a little choppy (doesn't make it unwatchable), but the audio should be fine If anybody wants it to be uploaded (assuming that doesn't violate any copyrights.)

And there's nothing wrong with being nerdy, because we are the ones who become CEO's and top scientists"
"Now the only thing to do is set up the whole thing to go off at just the right time. Anyone know what time the award ceremony starts?
EDIT: url as well please!"
"Same url as the one you posted above, its been updated:
http://flash.atlas.illinois.edu/video.h ... yer=HDLIVE

The time is 7:00 CDT"
That's right. We're all supposed to be nerds on here.
Z! You're exalted! (Did this just happen or am I just slow?) Anyway. <clapclap>
O_O He has been exalted for almost a month now... did you realize cybert has 3 medals now?
i meant to ask this a while ago: anybody heard of silly bands? those weirdly shaped rubber bands that for some reason are all the rage now?
"yeah... our student gov/council sells them in my school. i dont really see the point of them, but w/e

and also. has anyone else has an explosion of the game ""ninja""?"
Yeah, they're sold at our school too. Our school's business department is also selling Rita's ice (in different flavors and sizes) during and after school, and I don't know how. I'm not complaining though.
We've had both @ our school. it seems like EVERYONE has those rubber bands. high schoolers to elementry schoolers. i think i have like four that my friends gave me, but i lost two of them...
they are rampant all over the state... not just our school, but stevenson too
missed the awardwdards too
Now that Nats is over, I guess I'll make it official: Goodbye Div B, hello Div C.
aww same for me too. sadness... but oh well looking forward to C!!!
"why is everyone changing from B to C..... me included.

but the season hasn't started yet? haha."
B => C!
Am I the only one staying in B for another year?
A B 2 C
"Haha, yeah, it does seem like everyone's going to C. Technically, I have a choice, but since the B team's fated to epic fail next year no matter what, and the C team still has a decent chance at doing well, I'm going to C. And I'll have more experience with the events and everything when I'm a junior/senior.

Basically, I'm being selfish.

amerikestrel- Are you a 8th grader choosing to come back as a 9th grader or a 7th grader who has to come back next year?"
I'm in 7th grade, going into 8th. I might stick around in B for 9th grade though... it depends on how well we do next year.
"phew! honors advanced algebra, drawing two ( ), and ap world history down, four to go!
tomorrow is spanish 4... but we already took the final... so i have no idea what we're doing... and then enriched patterns... which will probably be easy...
and then wednesday i'll spend all of gym studying for enriched chemistry

so i practically hyperventilated through all of drawing (which sucks, 'cause i was supposed to chill in this period - we were watching edward scissorhands... =/) and ap world - during drawing, because i came to school without a conclusion on my ""final paper"" for ap world, and since they're totally renovating (aka rebuilding ) the school over the summer, the took out all of the computers and printers i thought i was so screwed... and then -miracle of miracles!- they hadn't packed away the ""emergency printout kiosk"" up on the third floor! but then during ap world we have to present on the person our essay was on (i had to do Enrico Fermi now i know everything about him ). i cannot say anything in front of more than 5 people. so i freaked out about that... and ended up failing it anyway. oh well, at least it's over, and i'd have to get less than a 74% on the whole final thing to drop my grade past a 90%.

...heh, sorry about the rant"
Division C here I come!
Me too!!! better go change that...
Hahaha. Yeah, but we've been playing it in band since September.
Apparently very popular among local forensics teams. (That would be speech forensics)
"Oh now as I think I am sad that next year is my last year in Sci Oly. Oh how sad.

Isn't he the man who came up with the Idea of guessing how many jellybean are in a jar of a certian volume."
"This site makes me feel so inferior. It seems like nearly everyone on here goes to Nationals, or at least has a State gold medal (instead of two silvers...)

</whine>"
If it makes you feel any better I will never go to Nats and I only have one Silver medal from States, one silver from Regionals, and one gold from Invites.
...he's the one who lead the team that tested the first nuclear reactor.
"Got VP-Build for SO next year! W00t!

Now...should I put my team on these forums, or leave it as MY edge?"
The likelihood that I might even seriously consider the possibility that I might have a chance to go to Nats is...nonexistent. I do have a State gold medal, but that was pure dumb luck.
Well I heard the name and I thought of the event from two years ago called Fermi Question.
You're not the only one. I guess we have a closer chance to Nationals than most teams that don't go, but I mean, in the end... we still don't go. And as for the State golds... they were due to easy tests and amazing partners >.> Also, you're in NY which is a pretty [aka really] competition state. I would imagine it's harder to get a gold there than where I live.
"we still have time. relax.

and for states gold, well next year I'll try to get one I suppose... though C division is tons harder to get 1st than B. Especially in building events."
It wasn't pure dumb luck, considering you beat our two kids, who ended up getting 4th at nationals.
that's not pure dumb luck. Solar system is an awesome event. good job
It's hard to involve luck in a study event.
"it's easy to invoke luck into a building event.
For example, our buggy was bad. really bad. we didn't even finish testing. The kid who competed winged it. I started the testing but after i wasn't competing I was like whatever, I'm gonna go work on my trial event...

But after the run i said 6 down, the kid who did the wiring said (same kid who competed) 5-8, after 2nd was called we were sure we failed, then we get first...

I have lost all faith in NJ B division building events."
that was awesome for a couple days but then they got rid of it...
ninja is so totally awesome!!! but my teacher almost gave me an ISS at states for playing it....
Hmmm... I see a "2010" archive at the bottom of the board index.
i wonder why that is? there its not even close this time when they added it...
"Today me and someone else got into an argument over weather or not you could be in Science Olympiad and still maintain a life or not. I found it ironic because the fact that he was willing to argue over it proved he had no life.

A life? meh, who needs one...?"
"Thanks!
denmarksoccer wrote:
AlphaTauri wrote:
blue cobra wrote:
This site makes me feel so inferior. It seems like nearly everyone on here goes to Nationals, or at least has a State gold medal (instead of two silvers...)

</whine>
The likelihood that I might even seriously consider the possibility that I might have a chance to go to Nats is...nonexistent. I do have a State gold medal, but that was pure dumb luck.
It wasn't pure dumb luck, considering you beat our two kids, who ended up getting 4th at nationals.
Yeah, not completely dumb luck, but the test was too easy for States...lots of match-the-pictures and multiple guess, with no short answer, essay, or even fill-in-the-blank questions. Getting one question wrong might have been the difference between first and not medaling (heck, it might have even been which question you got wrong). I do remember watching 2 or 3 teams (including the nice people from Strath Haven who we shared a table with) walk out the door whilst we were checking answers, and thinking, ""Ok, there's no freakin' way we're getting first in this. Maybe a medal,"" because we thought that there's no way someone would walk out early unless they were 100% sure they had all the answers right. I'm sure my face was absolutely priceless when they called us for first, probably somewhere along the lines of: .

Although, the gold I got for Compute This last year (2008-2009) was dumb luck- I had no idea what I was doing. I still have no idea how we managed to place, let alone get first."
Um: http://www.google.com/pacman?
yes! school is OUT! life is good
4 1/2 more days!!!!!
14 for me. I have 2 finals, a huge geometry project, and 2 art projects coming up.
Negative 6 for me.
5 exams not counting playing test for orchestra.
I have one more day left of school.
7 days....
"wow you all end school so early...... we end in like a month.

but then summer comes and then you kinda wish you were in school."
"wow... school was out at 11:45 for me

I won't wish i was in school over the summer... because I practically will be in school the whole summer"
Yeah, I've got until the end of July- when practice starts again. Then it's back to school a month early.
Practice usually doesn't start for me until a month or two into school. But I'm planning on working on SO a lot over the summer.
"zz, your practices start in july? the rules don't come out till september so do you use last year's rules?

i don't wish I was in school, but if you're being bombarded by SAT stuff and learning the next year stuff while doing SO, you probably wish you were. Especially if you're really bored."
I didn't know they still had it... at that website...
6 more members!!!!!
Coaches who go to the Coaches Summer Institute Workshop in July get rough drafts of the rules. However, they are banned from making any copies but can start practices with their own team if they choose and the team wants. Our team usually does (at least the most dedicated members like zz). However, the rules can and usually do change but it is a good starting place. It is expensive to go and attendance is limited. Some coaches feel it helps, others don't.
"We start...in October? November?

We don't do ""practice"". We do 15 minute ""meetings"" once every 2 weeks. Which is why we suck."
Everyone like my new avatar? Don't worry, I'm changing it tomorrow.
Why don't you just change it now?
I don't know... I was hoping to get a few laughs first or something. Note: I do not condone spilling oil in the Pacific, or anywhere in the world, and do not condone many of BP's actions during this oil spill
"http://www.youtube.com/watch#!v=OUugQox ... re=related

I think this song tells you what today was."
5 MORE MEMBERS!!
"yep, my cousin lives in new jersey too, and he gets out like june 21st or something like that

omg i found out i can actually play schubert's opus 94 number 5 song at the right tempo without messing up half the song! what is this?"
Yay I finally changed my location and I bet that Dudeincolorado is the only person that will have any clue what I mean by my location
719 is a Colorado area code...
you fail
"Yes but the question is what part of Colorado has that aera Code. I just want a general area.

Yeah 303 is also a Colorado Area Code and the group 3OH!3 just happens to be from the part of Colorado with that Area Code."
Southeastern Colorado
Ah but it also expands up toward Central Colorado cause I live in "The 719".
i start as soon as this year is done which was last weekend... Yep getting info on events now!!!
Goodye, BP. Hello, avatar from February.
OHOHO i found an avatar! -nerd-
"Anyone up for a game of apples to apples?

www.nutsybolts.com/invite.php/11047/scioly"
Darn, I missed it. I love Apples to Apples. Let me know when the next game starts.
"www.nutsybolts.com/invite.php/11071/scioly

here's another game of apples to apples if anyone wants to"
It won't let me in for some reason. It says I'm in the game, but I can't get in. And I just lost the game.
OMGGGG 1 MORE MEMBER!!!!!!!!!
420 is an area code for somewhere in Wisconsin...01101111 01100010 01110110 01101001 01101111 01110101 01110011 01101100 01111001 00100000 01110100 01101000 01100101 01111001 00100000 01101000 01100001 01110010 01110110 01100101 01110011 01110100 00100000 01101101 01100001 01110010 01101001 01101010 01110101 01100001 01101110 01100001 00101110 00101110 00101110
"Apples to apples (again)

http://www.nutsybolts.com/invite.php/11104/scioly

password is scioly."
"http://www.nutsybolts.com/invite.php/11103

Or this one..."
"I hate the game!!!! I lose continually...
anyone else participating in the ""get the world to play the game by 10/10/10"" campaign? It is so awesome"
13,000 members!!!
I fail at wiki editing. It took me 3 tries to get a file link to work right. head -> desk
"99 bottles of beer on a wall, 99 bottles of beer. You take one down, put it back up; 99 bottles of beer on a wall....
That's the song we (the underclassmen: 6th and 7th graders) sang on the way to Solon, Regionals, States, and Nationals until the upperclassmen decided to take away our speaking privileges by duct taping our mouths (eta150)."
LOL I sing that all the time w/out the put one back up thing!!!! sounds like the perfect way to annoy someone!
I've only made it all the way through that song once. But I clapped through the whole song to the beat. My hands hurt for a while after that.
How much did you clap at Nationals? My hands were red after the Awards Ceremony. (I'll tell you a secret: I clapped extra hard and cheered louder when BC, SH, HH, or PC medaled because they/we were Pennsylvania teams)
I clapped 0% of the time. I wasn't there.
Did you get to the end? Wait... there is no end because you go "0 bottles of beer on the wall, 0 bottles of beer. Go to the store, buy some more, 99 bottles of beer on the wall!"
REALLY??? I SHOULD DO THAT!!!!!
"oh well i reached the end twice with a bunch of kids on our way to a different school except we didn't put any bottles back up or go to the store.
but see... by the time you reach the end, everyone is driven crazy and feels just a bit drunk. then chaos ensues. so not a good idea."
I think it would be entertaining to actually do that in real life. Except I'm under the legal drinking age.
"i don't.
that would suck."
My team sang that on the bus back from States two years ago (without putting any bottles back up). We got all the way to 0 and probably could have sung the whole song again but we were told to shut up before we could start singing again. Good memories.
lol... we always sing substituting all alcoholic beverages with "pop" or "soda"
"In the span of one hour: Overcast skies - 85+ degrees - Freak hailstorm - Temperature falls 20 degrees - Clear skies - Temperature rises 20 degrees

Kansas: Where the weather can't make up its mind."
Well it could be worse. You could have it at 38 degrees outside and have it snowing. Yeah it happened. You also probably did not have snow on last Friday but my town did.
Our coaches are awesome. In their regular classes, you would have gotten in BIG trouble if you cursed or something, but in SO they just let it pass like nothing happened, except for maybe one coach. If they didn't, they'd be hypocrites. (After the Junkyard Challenge fell out of the storage area under the bus, one of our coaches muttered quite an extreme profanity)
I do milk
i do pop or beer
"Know what's funny about that?

I told the other 4 members of my E-Board to join so we could have a team forum. I think they were numbers: 12998, 12999, 13001, and 13002."
"If anyone on my team cursed in front of one of the coaches, they'd promptly be kicked off the team unless they were the main person for 5+ events and it was the day right before States. However, when said coach isn't nearby...then almost everyone, shall we say, expresses their frustration or annoyance at either their events (sorta rare), the computers we're stuck with that don't like to work (often), or something stupid someone just did (more often).

The other coach just...doesn't care what we do at practice. We could be slapping each other, breaking things, generally causing mayhem, and he wouldn't really notice."
"your schools are so... strict....

people swear so often in front of coaches and teacher at our school, and walking through the hallways is like being in a whirlwind of profanity . There are some teachers who find it distasteful, though only in extreme cases would a student get written up for swearing. Even teachers almost swear and catch themselves halfway in a quite obvious manner... our chem teacher often quotes his grandfather... but his favorite quote contains a synonym of darn...."
I'm glad I don't live in Kansas. What's it like there? (other than freak weather)
Colorado is worse than Kansas if you live in the wrong area. Where I live there is snow year round some years. Snow Days in May. Oh and in Leadville the cops taze kids at a career fair and dead bodies show up on the front lawn of the high school and in Salida there are guys that kill their wives and want to be shot an killed by the cops. Dang I live in the only normal town within 30 min away from me, well South Park is normally except Kenny keeps getting killed.
"Here's what happens on the forums when you're gone for one day:

1) Absolutely everyone changes their avatar
2) 2011 Event list comes up
3) Everyone hates Jim Joyce
4) Assassination game ends
5) Fake assassination game begins
6) Fake assassination game ends
7) Post #3,217 is made on the 10,000 post thread
8) AP Calc is in the majority
9) The value of 1,000,000% is discussed
10) People really want Storm the Castle is Division C
11) Colorado and Kansas are still trying to figure whose weather is more bipolar

And that's only on General Chat! Think about what else happens! (There's a reason I'm so high up on the list gh made)"
Jim Joyce blew that call for Galarraga's perfect game bid. Colorado has more bipolar weather. I am taking AP Calc and will convince my Sci O coach to let me do Science Olympiad.
oh, pshaw. you're right about your chem teacher, but the "synonym of darn" really isn't that bad. you do hear it a bit in the halls, but a "whirlwind"? really? XD more like there's some people who happen to swear a lot, others who don't. *shrug* personally i don't swear... at all... except occasionally in my head
"No more school for me! I'm FREEE!!!
Until the SO rules come out, of course."
I'm not free at all! I'm just gonna start using the trial rules/old rules to build a heli and towers!
whoo! scioly meeting next tuesday!
"Lucky you. whoo...oh wait, scioly meeting in...october? november? DECEMBER?

Whoo! World cup in 1 week!"
oh great now i cant stop singing this song!!! argh!! is there no end to my misery?
"Anyone want to watch a rocket launch ?
Look Here"
Yep, this should be good...or utterly disastrous...we shall see. There's a lot riding (not literally) on this.
the assassinator isnt letting me post here... argh. i guess ill just have to sit back and watch as Jocool kills more innocent people.
If you can't get that feed to work (it's pretty bad), www.spacevidcast.com is rebroadcasting it.
"Awesome thanks
works tons better"
"National Spelling Bee Protesters? http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/37496186/ns/us_news-life/

This is quite hilarious."
And here's another launch attempt for today. T-14:00 and counting, targeting 2:45 PM EDT. Window closes at 3:00 EDT, so this will be the last attempt today.
3 more days of real school, then 2 finals days, then make-up day where we do virtually nothing, and the last day, which is half day and we do nothing then either. Sounds good to me.
Only in America. Only in America.
I KNOWW!!! it's like they want us to be stupid.
"If you are a Texan and you come to my town I Hate You

If you are from California and you come to my town I Hate You


You guys do not know how to drive on a hill or how to drive on the mountian passes in general. I HATE TOURIST SEASON!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
I'm free!!!! NO MORE SCHOOL!
Actually have you ever heard of the Texas Hill country? extremely large hills that should NOT be called mere hills for their size are actually quite annoying to navigate. lots of shifting gears.
"HAHAHA. This reminds me of this english project we're currently doing on 1984.

Anyway, a weekend of hell, lots of stuff I have to do by next week..."
YOU hate tourist season? DON'T COMPLAIN- I live in Hershey, one of the biggest tourist attractions in the US. Every summer, tens of thousands of tourists coming to see the chocolate factory, Hersheypark, the Hotel Hershey, the Milton Hershey school, the Hershey kiss-shaped streetlights, etc. Sometimes I'd really like to say, "So what? It's just a town famous for chocolate. Philly's famous for its American history; Pittsburgh's famous for steel. Why don't you go there?"
"I go to Hershey every year. Don't worry, we try not to cause too many problems there. My cousins work at Hershey's Chocolate World, that's normally the only tourist destination we go to.

Olathe isn't that big of a tourist destination. What are we going to say? We are the home of a National Spelling Bee winner? (Spelling Bee tonight!) or we have a backup running back in the NFL who graduated our high school?"
Paddle Fest, FIBArk, Ride the Rockies. The three most annoying parts where well those weekends I never leave my house as the tourist do not know how to drive here. The Tourist annoy the locals when they go 50 up a hill where the speed limit is 65, and have you ever tried to drive Trout Creek or Kenosha Passes when you are behind well almost anyone outside of those two Passes. They go about 30 MPH under the Speed Limit. Yes my town is one of the bigger Tourist Destinations in Colorado for we are in the Middle of the Rockie Moutians. What is worse is the FIBArk and Ride the Rockies are the same weekend so not only will there be tourist here that weekend but there will be drunken tourist that weekend.
"That must suck. I've been to Hershey a few times, since I'm only about 2 hours away. I remember there being a lot of people.

State College doesn't have that much of a tourism problem, but what we do have is a lot of college students and people who come in for Penn State football games. I mean, it's great to live right next to a university because of all the resources, but it gets extremely annoying when you can barely get across town because of all the traffic on a Saturday morning. People assume everyone's going to the game, but I'm just trying to get to an orchestra rehearsal on time. Plus, everyone gets drunk. And I couldn't care less about football.

And then there's people who assume that you love football if you say you're from State College. And there's people who don't understand that ""State College"" is actually the name of a town. After next year, I'll be going to the ""State College Area High School"". I can see how that kind of doesn't make sense, but it still gets annoying."
Hershy town is AWESOME!! We got there and I was like "OMG THE STREETLIGHTS ARE KISSES!" Like.
Wow, I just now realized that I don't really consider the streetlights to be anything special. Perhaps I've been there more often than I thought.
They don't go to the other places because people like to EAT chocolate. This is America, home of thousands of fast food chains. You can't EAT steel. They think it's amazing that there is a place that put's food on a pedestal.
Well, you could eat steel if you really really wanted too.
Toursim. How about NYC? There is no way you can possibly drive there without hitting bumper to bumper for over an hour.
Olathe was supposed to get a Legoland a few years ago. Unfortunately, that didn't work out.
our digestive systems aren't cut out for eating steel. Correct me if I'm wrong, but I think crocodiles can eat steel right? And I think if anyone did eat steel, they'd probably die or get really sick.


But still, if you really really wanted to, you could eat steel. Probably wouldn't taste good, and yeah, it probably wouldn't be very nutritious.
If I could see you chew steel, zz, I would sign my life over to you.
"I always say that you could eat anything if it's cut up into small enough pieces.

A few links...

http://www.reuters.com/article/idUSN1138346620080711
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Michel_Lotito"
"And I qoute:
""Michel died of severe gastrointestinal mutilation due to consumption of metal on June 25, 2007. He is buried at Grenoble Cemetery."""
"I was actually thinking of that guy when I made the comment, but I couldn't remember his name.

EDIT: It says natural causes, paleonaps"
Guess again, zz. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Michel_Lotito
"The page was edited right before you made that post, by someone who also recently edited the Paul J. Gelinas Jr. High School, specifically the Science Olympiad page.

Would that be, by any chance, you?"
"I'll change it back. I didn't edit the SciO portion, though. Someone tried to make one of my teachers the VP, and I changed it back. At least I don't remember editing it...
EDIT: here http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Michel_Lotito"
Bahaha that all was quite funny. Nice catch zzyzva
I was expecting him to catch it. He's pretty sharp.
"Thank You

Go to NHL.com and look at the second headline. I think someone there did Science Olympiad.

http://www.nhl.com/index.html"
"Wow, I just found out that I tied for second in prediction contest... ...For having never heard of most of the teams, that's pretty beast guessing.

And in other news, I beasted ARML this weekend"
Well I won C division so ha I lost overall by 1 point though
"rocketman1555 wrote:
yeah, he was swimming to slowly
binary010101 wrote:
<play dramatic music> Where in the world is...
nickfastswim!!!!
Haha yes I did drown, the whirlpool just sucked me in you know!"
"Lawl! For a second I thought you were talking about ARML, and was like ""There's only A and B divisions in ARML, right?""

Then I reconsidered..."
There are 666 topics in general chat XD
Is my signature weird
Lawls, its funny
I note that someone just deleted one.
"www.nutsybolts.com/invite.php/702/scioly

Apples to apples anyone? password is scioly."
"Haha, last time I played that, I put down Texas for ""repulsive"" when robodude was judge. Not a smart move on my part.

I'd love to play, but I have to go practice violin. Maybe next time."
I'm the 2nd violin section leader for chamber orchestra next year. I'm not sure whether to be happy or disappointed...
I just quit orchestra: I played cello. (very badly because I had no time to practice)
Well, it depends on how you're seated, I guess. If it's the traditional-school-orchestra way of putting all the good people on V1 and the others on V2, then it just means you're average. Although, there was this one orchestra I played in where the best 2 people were V1 stand 1, the next 2 people were V2 stand 1, then V1 stand 2, V2 stand 2, and so on. If they seat that way, then you're very good compared to everyone else. There's nothing bad about being Violin 2, except it sometimes means getting yelled at more by the conductor.
For that statement you are so awesome.
"At the age of 14, i ate my first twinky a few minutes ago. No joke.

No me gusta."
How does that work? It's a twinky. You gotta love it.
Today our science olympiad team had an end of school party. In addition to earning the "most well rounded nerd" award, my gift for being a returning ninth grader was our torque meter painted gold. I'm psyched to use it next year.
Posting from some random ipad in some random apple store. This thing is a spelling Nazi. Just capitalized the p in posting for me. >.<
My opinion of the iPad just went up thanks to that post.
it wouldn't be good for your teeth, but it would be nutritious. It is pure iron... Unfortunately, if you take too much steel, you can die of excess iron...
The one problem with having a dad who is a meteorologist is that he can't get enough weather. Yesterday, we were watching The Fugitive (1993) on live TV and he looks at the clock, sees that it's time for the weather report, and changes the channel. I'm thinking, "This is the climax of the movie, this whole rooftop chase scene, etc, and he has to watch the weather report!?"
"HUZZAH!!!! Unless the Big 10 does something further college football expansion Armageddon isn't going to happen after all.
I wouldn't have minded terribly if the Big XII blew up, what worried me is what the Big 10 would do to try and reach 16 following the Pac-10"
"As a Kansas fan, I'm pretty happy about the news.

EDIT: Big XVII?"
the big 12? youve never heard of them??
"XVII=17
XII=12
no such thing as the big 17"
That's the point I was trying to make! Thank you, eta.
FMtiger edited it. Now we seem like idiots.
sorry i am soooooo tired i can't read right now
Well, that's to be expected.
"The Jayhawks?



Oh and I have now gotten the proof that Colorado weather is more bi-polar than Kansas. Why? We got snow in June. Yes you read that right snow in June."
"That's still debatable. Story from band camp via my sister: The band was on the field, and there was a raincloud moving slowly towards the field. The band was hoping that it would rain so they could go inside and they could get out of marching band rehearsal, and the cloud eventually got there. It started raining, and the band directors let the kids go inside. As the band is sprinting for the doors, the cloud stops, and starts moving back the way it came. The rain, of course, goes with it, so the band still has to rehearse.

Some say that band directors have some sort of control over the weather, but this instance is just Kansas weather not being able to make up its mind.

And, yes, the Jayhawks."
Boo
Well, at least the Big Ten snagged Nebraska, which is a decent team with a good history.
Not Boo, YAY At least for Track.
lol....I just remebered the one post one these forums that said some scioly users abandon the forums during the summer.................its been a minth since I got on hehe
Ble Blo Bot. I'm going on the computer in school!
Yay I am as happy as a kid on Christmas.
I assume you want us to ask why?
"Eh not really. And I imagine that many Zelda Fans are about that happy after Nintendo announced

The Legend of Zelda:Skyward Sword"
"Bah who cares about Zelda.

New Golden Sun this Christmas YAY."
Yeah but Zelda Wii is suppose to be released in 2011 and I hope that the game will be released at the end of March on my Birthday. Pluse I broke my DS and would not be able to buy or play Golden Sun. Did anyone see any of the great looking games for PS3.
I just found an adorable baby bird dying in my backyard. We took it in, and are trying to nurse it back to health.
"Thats really nice!

Just don't let Deeisenberg find out what you're doing..."
"Why not?
Also, go to my new thread in general chat to name it!"
"So? GET BOTH.
Then buy a new DS, or wait for the 3DS to be released (even if thats a while), I'd be willing to bet you it will be backwards compatible.

I browsed the PS3 games highlights (I've had a final during all of the 3 major press conferences), Child of Eden and Vanquish look interesting, but to be honest, I don't much care."
6 more days until I'm out of school!!!
"Bad news: A news/weather helicopter heading into dark storm clouds.
Worse news: A news/weather helicopter heading away from dark storm clouds at top speed.

It's also not a good thing to see a helicopter heading your way during a severe t-storm warning, which is precisely what is happening here right now."
Middle school "graduation" today at 6. Last day of school tomorrow. Finally.
You get graduation, I get Algebra 2 honors finals
"O_o Lucky you. I took my Geometry finals yesterday...

School officially ended for me yesterday afternoon after math finals."
I just downloaded Google Chrome. Crazy fast! >.>
"yup i am on chrome right now... i wasn't sure if it would be any good but it downloads attachments a lot faster so it's all good
last day of school tomorrow! so psyched."
I don't think I could stand being in school this late as I fell like I have been out of school for a month or at least two weeks.
I actually have been out of school for a month.
Monday of this week was our last day, then the rest of this week and next week you just go in when you have Regents or finals. Fortunately for me, all my classes with finals did them last week, so I only have to go in for two tests.
what day did you get out of school
May 20th... close enough.
Wow... my last day of finals is... NEXT MONDAY! Wtf? We get out on a Monday? Sad...
"last day of school tomorrow!
i'm kind of sad and happy at the same time.

and I finally played bass clarinet today, I hit most of the high notes.
but squeaked a trillion times. 0_o

bass clarinet squeaks sound horrible. oh and i find it kind of funny I squeaked for the first time and I was trying to play a high note, so I was like ""wow the bass clarinet has such a great range!"" 0_o"
^And that's why you should play violin. You can play high obnoxious notes on cue to annoy everyone else! It's so much fun to watch the cellists and violists wince at really high E-string notes...
same for piccolo, which my sister plays *wince*
"Okay, I have a funny story.
I was out with my mom yesterday and her phone rang. It was my dad.
She picked it up and said ""Hello?""
No answer.
So she hung up, and thirty seconds later it rang again. Same caller.
She picked up, and the first thing my dad said was ""Who's Dave?""
""Dave?""
When my dad had called my mom, he heard this:
""Hello?""
""Who's this?""
""Dave""
""What are you doing on this phone?""
Silence
WTF?"
In about 2 hours, I will be getting on a plane to Israel.
Wow. Impressive. Why are you going there?
Vacation.
Nice. This year we get to go on college visits for vacation- those are going to be so much more fun than going to a country like, say, Israel.
"BUTTERFLY FIBARK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I can't go anywhere in town with out have tourist around me."
"Israel. Nice.
BTW, amerikestrel (although you won't see this for a while) you never responded about the youtube account. I had to make crap clues because I was waiting.
Thanks a lot!"
zyzzyva, i just realized that you made a quiz about scioly events on sporcle. i missed one cause you wrote Polymer Detectives, and i dont think it is pluralized. but good game btw, i'd give it three thumbs up.
Wow. Thanks for playing. I didn't think anyone would play that. I just copied the events from I think the wiki list here.
Anybody read the Guardians of Ga'Hoole series? I haven't.
"Yeah. In like 5th grade. That's how I learned about owls.

Well, yesterday was the last day of school and right wen i get home, what happens? A power outtage! Woot!"
"Posting from Tel Aviv! I'm probably the first. And I just learned that I can't sleep on airplanes. If anyone wants I could upload some photos.

Paleonaps, sorry about the YouTube account thing. I've been busy, and I just never got around to sending you the info. I might be able to get it to you in the next day or so, and you could pass I on to the next assassinator."
AWESOME!
Pictures would be cool. So next time someone makes a list of where people have posted from, there's going to be all sorts of locations in the United States and one in Israel. That's pretty awesome.
"I completely forgive you. However, after my 4th clue, the two targeted at zz were a product of not having the information.
Whatever. I'm done now. Send it if you can, and POST PICTURES!"
Darn. DCI is coming to Kansas City and I'll be in New Orleans at that time. I haven't seen a DCI show live since I think 2006.
"Lucky you. I've never seen one, and I work my [censored word here] off marching over the summer/fall.

Phantommmm Regiment!"
"I've been to three or four shows before. They are amazing. The Cavaliers are the best- no doubt about that- but I do like the Phantom Regiment.

EDIT: Actually, the Phantom Regiment is performing at the Kansas City show."
"Pshh? Cavvys are best?

Have you NOT seen SPARTACUS?"
Cool. Bonnes vacances, or should I say "שיהיה לך חופשה טובה!" ( I hope that's right...while the internet can be quite miraculous sometimes, online translations are usually not very accurate. Ah well, it's the thought that counts).
"האָבן אַ פייַן צייַט אין ישראל, מיין קעסטרעל-לאַווינג באַדי!
I don't think that pasted right...."
ich bin pomme frites (written w/o use of online translators)
"I feel the need to share this with the world.
http://img2.socwall.com/Computer%20Rela ... 0-8512.jpg"
And this is?
it appears to be a combination of a windows vista background and a Mac background
Life will never be the same....
So is the top post's title on every page in larger, bold letters now? Or have I missed something for the past seven months?
Oh, wow, I didn't even notice until you pointed it out. That'd better be new, otherwise it means I need new glasses.
yeah... i sure hope so, because i didn't notice either
"I'm practically dying from this heat. Just toured the Bahá'í gardens in Haifa.

I'll post a few pictures soon."
"It's really hot here too. Although in Israel....this must be nothing.
How were the Baha'i Gardens?"
"Tel Aviv, the white city

Anyway, hope you have a good time."
Ah finally
Just got off school and had a fantastic Xbox round with my friends.
Do these refs hate the USA?
Yes, they do. Can't you tell?
As long as there's a goal, I'm fine. Moving on to the knockout rounds!
Yes, a fresh slate, and if the refs **** up again, well then theres obviously something wrong
Is it a bad thing when every time you see an umpire you get an urge to stab them?
of course not... O_o
Sweetcoop- Nice sig but you're missing an r at the end of "remember" Slash is awesome though. Thought I'd help a brotha out.
wow nobody even noticed my change in Avatars, well no one commented on it anyway.
"I noticed, but I don't normally comment unless everybody changes theirs at once.

Today we went out to eat and we had order #42. Nobody could figure out why I was so excited."
today we had a tornado warning for the first time in about three years, i think.
Gotta love the tornado sirens, eh?
"I can imagine you get them often Z. Have you ever been witness to a tornado?
Also, nobody in your family has read H2G2? My dad introduced me to those books."
"not three years... we get watches every year along with the occasional warning, but rarely does the storm get that close to us

when I was in elementary school, we had a carnival every year and without exception all of 6 years, there was either a tornado watch or warning every carnival"
The last tornado near where I live (well, the last one I remember, anyways) was 4-5 years ago. There's like no severe weather here, with the exception of the occasional heavy thunderstorm/snowstorm.
it has been raining like crazy for us... almost every night and sometimes during the day as well. Our street was flooded up past the sidewalks
"Nobody read H2G2 in my family, but my SciOly team loves it (no surprise).

I have never witnessed a tornado but in May at least once a week there is major severe storm activity, with tornado outbreaks about every other week."
I got a 95 on the geometry regents
I checked that out online once and got a 95 too, i didn't understand a transformation question...felt like a complete _ _ _ _ _ _ _
*gasp* we now have at least two people with the same avatar... I don't know how I'm going to be able to tell them apart...
"I was not aware that Illinois had regents. Are they the same test as in NY, if anybody knows?

But the worst part is that I have no clue what I did wrong."
"What two.

And for a time FM and Haven had avatars with a small difference"
Enviromental Chem (not going to try the numbers) had the same avatar as kjhsscioly, but it looks like they changed it.
I changed mine because it got stolen by someone else and I want to be an individual. 
"I always seem to be one of the last to get new technology. I bought a GameCube four months before the Wii came out. I only upgraded from typewriter to computer five or six years ago (but it was a high-tech typewriter, let me tell you.)

Today, I finally bought... Pokemon Blue."
pokemon blue??? wow your 4 generations behind... Leafgreen/Firered is better....and by now the blue version is about 10-15 years old, so how do you get it to work?
"My English teacher is the real outdoors type (and at six foot two, he doesn't look like an English teacher) and is running a camp during the summer that culminates in a visit to Vermont. I didn't sign up- as you may have guessed, I can't be away from a computer for too long.
Anyway, I'm excited, because my mom agreed to take me up to the northernmost reaches of Vermont to visit them! I'm gonna walk through the forest with a megaphone until I find them."
I have a Game Boy Advance SP, which has backwards compatibility with Game Boy games. I also have a Game Boy Color, but I don't use it as much. Vintage Stock had the game at 9.99 so I thought, why not? It goes with the Yellow I also have. I am strictly Gen I.
You only started using a computer 6 years ago?
No, I was using one before that, but for the sake of the argument I did use a typewriter for a little bit a few years back. No internet connection- I don't know how I lasted.
Z I love your Sig with that point about a hill, now in Colorado the highest point is Mt. Elbert and you know when you are on the peak of that mountian
Thanks. Colorado's highest point may be slightly higher, I'm not sure. Although, what could be more breathtaking than climbing to the top of Mount Sunflower, which is basically in Colorado anyway? http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mount_Sunflower
Wow that is kinda sad that I live at a higher elevation than all of Kansas. And yes Elbert is slightly higher than Mt. Sunflower by about 10,000 ft.
Posting from Jerusalem!
actually, i had it first (for over a year)
It's happening. I've finally registered for an account at too many places to remember which ones I have an account and which ones I don't.
O my god i was freaking out yesterday cause i thought i forgot my facebook password.
"Wow I love some of the conversations that take place a work. This was three different people.

""Why would you want to live in Kansas""
""I would want to kill myself if I lived there""
""No NO I just couldn't live there.""

As you can tell people in my town hate Kansas."
What's wrong with Kansas?
I guess Kansans are one of those group of people who drive too slowly in Colorado? Or maybe Kansas is just too flat for Colorado's liking. <shrug>
"Kansas: Headquarters of Sprint, Garmin, where Pizza Hut was founded...

...and not much else."
"Kansas: helped start the Civil War (the Kansas-Nebraska Act of 1854 let new territories decide on slavery by popular sovereignty, basically giving slavery the opportunity to expand northwards, and there was so much fighting between pro-slavery and anti-slavery factions in Kansas (because each side wanted Kansas to enter the Union as a state that reflected their beliefs towards slavery) that the state became known as ""Bleeding Kansas""). <- Courtesy of 8th grade American Cultures. Also, the origin of Brown v. Board of Education, which declared segregation in schools unconstitutional and started the Civil Rights movement.

See, Kansas isn't that boring."
It was all Missouri's fault. [censored] bushwhackers. See what you get for burning Lawrence.
woot new jersey has nothing. except that stupid crossing the deleware thing which no one cares about.
And Princeton! Princeton's cool too. And Six Flags!!! I mean really... more flags, more fun!
"-Earth Day, ""a day that inspires awareness and appreciation for the Earth's natural environment"" (Wikipedia): April 22, with Earth Week being the previous week.

-Deepwater Horizon oil spill/BP oil spill/Gulf oil spill, one of the biggest oil spills and environmental disasters in history: April 20, Deepwater Horizon drilling rig is set ablaze by escaping methane gas from the oil well; April 22, Deepwater Horizon sinks and a oil slick appears; April 24, Coast Guard confirms that oil is gushing into the Gulf of Mexico from a deepwater oil well.

If that's not a prime example of irony, I don't know what is."
No no no true Irony is when an endcap of coffee cups fall right when the person putting them on says something about doing good and not breaking any. All but four cups broke.
Wow, what a letdown year I'm having. Can nothing go right?
I'm going off to camp tomorrow for three weeks with limited internet access. I will be suffering from LSADD (Limited Scioly Access Depression Disorder)
"http://www.facebook.com/#!/group.php?gi ... 0133149911
There Z Colorado wins the argument of which state has more bi-polar weather."
I am off to China tomorrow.
"A facebook group is hardly solid evidence. KS has plenty too. Keep looking.

Wow. All these people going to far-off, foreign countries. Israel, China. If I'm lucky I'll get to go to the KC P&L for the Art Annual."
Is there a Chinese Fry's that you can vist?
"Yeah, I'm going on vacation too, sometime this summer. Not out of the country though, I don't think.
tclme elmo wrote:
I am off to China tomorrow.
China. Cool. Have fun with the 12+ hour flight...I usually watch the in-flight movie, sleep, get frustrated with sudoku/crosswords, gag at the (disgusting) airplane food, sleep some more, and constantly try not to think about how I'm 30,000 feet up in the air."
Lol. Don't even get me started on airplane food. I prefer not to eat it in general >.> Then I'm starving when I get off. I'm going to Shanghai on August 1st! World expo w00t!
I just found out I don't have a palmaris muscle. It is vestigial, but it still makes me feel incomplete
Is it bad that now that I'm getting my braces off after nearly 4 years, the only thing I think of this is that I will now have a limited amount of WS rubber bands?
Yes. That's bad.
Agreed, thats very bad. Although kuddos for being such an avid science olympian!
"Omg, i got mine off in middle school and that's exactly what i thought cause i did WS

And no, it just means your different. But don't worry, we're all different, some a little more than others. And some to an un-healthy extent.

I just did an Osteoporosis related lab at home for my Online chem course...an originally 11.1 g chicken bone soaked in Milk for 3 days is now 20~ grams. Being the pycho i am, i decided to put it between two tables, like an elevated bridge, and hang a 15 pound dumbell from it...it held.

And that, ladies and gentleman, is a day in my life"
"Did you check the efficiency rating? :>

Random comment: I lost my meds."
"An advertisement? Weird.

Why is there an advertisement for a random number generating program?




Why would you want random stuff anyways? All you need is RandomPerson."
My dad has a vintage Jeopardy! computer game from around the 80s or 90s- the questions are insanely difficult (half the categories revolve around 13th century French composers or something of that sort) and so are the computer players, but I finally won a round for the first time today. Apparently, my dad couldn't figure out that Audi was from the latin for "listen" in Final Jeopardy.
Really? What was the clue?
"[founder of Audi] named his car company in the 1950s this, derived from the latin for ""listen.""

My dad put Honda. I got Audi right away."
Yeah, I know what it means. But seriously, your dad didn't get that?
No. He gets all sorts of aeronautical, historical, and geographical questions because he works for the national weather service as an air traffic controller, but when it comes to english and language questions, I annihilate him.
Just saw this video on YouTube. I'm sure most of you know the story, but I think this is the funniest version i have ever seen.
"Wow. That's disappointing. I just made a quiz on Sporcle, and now someone else has made one nearly exactly alike that already has twice as many plays.

My quiz:http://www.sporcle.com/games/zyzzyva98/championship
His quiz:http://www.sporcle.com/games/geowiz85/first_champs"
"Sheesh, I'm away from the computer for 5 days and all this happens? Wow.

Interesting fact to share with the world (I came across this while researching for Solar System a while back):
-Back in the olden days, the world (read: religious Europe) was still undecided whether the solar system was geocentric or heliocentric. One of the stranger arguments in favor of a heliocentric solar system was that a geocentric model would have hell as the center of the universe. They knew that the Earth was a sphere, and if the Earth was at the center of the universe, and you had to go downwards to go ""there"", then said bad place would be the true center of the universe, and the Church couldn't have that. (Note: Before this, the Church had adamantly supported a geocentric worldview because, from our viewpoint down here, everything does seem to revolve around us.) Eventually, people decided that a heliocentric model was simpler and explained stuff a whole lot better, so they accepted it and a geocentric universe was consigned to the dustbin of history.

Edit: Forgot part of the story."
Zz, stop changing Avatars! You're driving me crazy!
I changed it once! I only change it every two months or so. Since the U.S. got knocked out I figured it was time to update from the flag. Don't you like Sporcle?
"Never heard of it before- thought it was some crazy obscure religious icon or something.
In response, I have now changed my Avatar."
Now I have a new avatar. It's kinda fitting don't ya think?
What have I started?
This is only the begining!!!! Muahahahahahaha!!!! (sorry i had to say that)
"See y'all in two weeks
For now I'll be in West Virginia, surrounded by nothing but hicks and gun shops
PS: It's still camp, and I love it"
I saw fireworks today, and the only thing I could think (besides the normal oohs and ahhs) was: "Hey, now I've observed, in a real life situation, the difference between the speed of light and the speed of sound." I need a life.
Lots of tattoos.
NO........ IT's MAl-AkH from Dan Brown's The Lost Symbol!
"I'm fairly sure that the noise is heard when the firework is launched, no? Because you hear the bang before you see the light.

On an unrelated note, I set my iPod language into Italian a few days ago, then changed it back to English. The only thing that stayed in Italian was my spell checker."
haha. I was thinking about which elements were being burned.
"Oh good, its not just me.
*sigh of relief*"
"Huh? You definitely see the light before you hear the bang.

Usually you can hear both the sounds when the firework is launched (quieter) and when it explodes (loud bang)."
I don't know, it seemed to me like the loudest bang is when the firework is launched, but maybe I'm mistaken.
Maybe it's the bang from the last firework?
I'm going to have to go with Amerikestrel. Those ball looking fireworks that go in the tubes? They launch with a BANG and explodes with a BANG
I'm pretty sure the louder noise is from the explosion. They sent up one solitary firework before all the rest and I didn't hear the BANG when it launched, only the BANG when it exploded. It seems that the more the firework spreads out, the louder the bang is from the explosion, although there do seem to be some exceptions (like the ones that produce "ribbons" of light instead of points- no matter how little it spreads out, those are LOUD).
I got shot with a firework yesterday.... at the party I was attending, a canister fell while firing and started spraying flaming ballistics at the audience. One hit my leg.I got the Hell out of there.
I went to downtown boise to watch the fireworks the other night, and they did a fantastic job this year. It went on for about a half hour, and was set completely to music. It was utterly spectacular. I hadn't been happier since I saw the trailer for Portal 2!
zz updated his blog! Hooray!
I'm glad to know someone reads it. Thanks, paleonaps.
You have a blog?
"Yes, I just got it started. Last summer I had a baseball blog but it wasn't that good. This summer's blog:
http://zhasnolife.blogspot.com/"
So. Hot. Outside. Just got back from playing tennis in 102* weather. I knew it was going to be in the upper 90s, but I didn't think it would reach the triple didgets. When I got back into my car, I noticed that the heat sensor in my phone went off. I couldn't read what the phone was telling me because I was already on the road, but it was one of those messages telling me that it's too hot for the phone.
"I don't think it's been this hot here (about 100*F today) for quite some time, although it's not as bad as the time I was visiting relatives in California and it just had to go up to 104* the very week I had tennis camp there. I'm not even going outside until it goes below 95*.

Triple-digit temps good mood. More along the lines of: ."
And in a place like oh Colorado the weather is rarely up over 85*
I like the art museum part
"I'm actually going to an art exhibit tomorrow... I may try some of those.

EDIT: I just got back from the exhibit. Number 6: Stare at a door, elevator, water fountain, even a blank wall pretending like it's art."
soinc.org is in dire need of a favicon.
"A what?
I just added a new post to my Assassinator thread. (#54, for those who don't know). Can you give me some feedback?"
Correct me if I'm wrong, but isn't that the gold S on the blue background?
That's the forum's image, the actual science olympiad's page is what paleonaps was talking about.
Wow unbelievable!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Ah, I wasn't reading. I see.
anyone like my new sig. Baseball fans will get what the last part means
I always feel bad when I open a third tab, since it covers up Mugi on my K-On! theme. Not that I have a K-On! theme or anything...
wow, its been a long time.....I got a new laptop for college ....SWEET
what's a good brand of PC that has good laptops?
I'm using a Toshiba laptop right now, an it's awesome. I think H/P (including Compaq) has good ones too, but I'm not sure. Dell may be okay too.
"HP's are very prone to overheating...at least the ones that were out a few years ago were. I know a few people who have problems with theirs overheating. Their somewhat new Envy series seems to be quite popular - they are thin and lightweight. Only thing with those is the battery doesn't look wonderful...the 14"" comes with a 4 cell battery standard. The 15"" comes with a 6 cell, which is pretty standard among laptops of the size...but I'd definitely go with the 9 cell. Longer battery life is better and they do degrade over time.

Toshiba seems to make solid laptops, I know people that use them and they seem to be pretty good.

I have a Dell and it's great. They seem to be all-around pretty good. The Latitude series (expensive, more targeted for business) is very durable. The Inspirons are a very good value for the money (especially if you customize them), and the XPS can carry some serious punch. I know a ton of people with Dells and nobody has ever had a problem with them."
"I have a Dell laptop, and personally, I think it's great. Never had any serious problems with it, although it can be a little temperamental at times (I just reboot it and that seems to work). My only complaint is that it's sort of heavy, and the battery life isn't that great (it's decent enough, though, and I keep it plugged in most of the time).

If you're thinking of getting a mini laptop, stay away from the EeePCs. My school bought a ton of them for us to use, and let's just say that they're absolutely horrible. The screen is tiny (about 7"") which means you can't really multi-task because there's not enough room on the screen, the keyboard can come off entirely if you're not careful, and some of the keys just don't like to work."
Speaking of laptops etc, does anyone know of a good telephoto compact camera? or whatever those small cameras are called.
I'm using a dell right now. it's pretty old but I've heard that they've gone down hill.
Anyone going to NYG next weekend in New Orleans?
"I'm considering making one myself. Getting them to put it on the site will likely be difficult, however.

EDIT: Actually I think that as difficult as it may be to convince whoever runs the nationals site that they ought to have a favicon actually making one with their logo that doesn't look like crap may be harder."
Officially logging in with Ubuntu 10.4. My dad just installed it on his work laptop, and I have to say: I LOVE IT!
"I'm literally green with envy. <- That is a photograph.

My mom freaks out at the thought of doing something as drastic, dangerous, and that will definitely completely destroy her computer beyond repair as partitioning a hard drive to install Linux. So I need to stick with the not-so-awesome versions of Linux that will run on my computer (which was obsolete in the stone age), and since I don't get internet on that computer, it's hardly useful anyway.

[/complaining]

Enjoy your open-source life."
"If you use Wubi, you don't have to partition.

Or you can run off a USB drive without using the main hard drive at all."
I have multiple computers (because I have really bad luck-- the first practically exploded, so I got my laptop for work and a new one for my gaming needs) and the one that exploded may be salvageable if I use Linux. So I will be enjoying an open-source life in movie-making!
"At least your busted computer still has a chance of working. My old computer crashed and took half my English project with it (thank god I had it saved on the school directory). We did try to fix it, but it refused to work.

Sigh...I really need to organize all my school/SO-related stuff. I can't find anything anymore- it's really quite pathetic."
I MISS SCIENCE OLYMPIAD!!! AND I MISS THE TEAM!!!! :'( AND I WANT IT TO START AGAIN. NOWWWWWWWW. do you have any ideas of ways to hold me until august???? it's like i'm addicted or something. it's still like the main things my friends and I talk about... and i still study all the time... and i know this is the most nerdy pathetic thing ever but SO IS MY LIFE... i don't know what i was without it.
came back from science olympiad team camping trip. lolz all over
"Itten ditten little kitten
Oaten dotten little boaten
Es skittly oaten dotten
Boto scadetendaten
Wallah kachoo!"
...?
First meeting of next year, I'm going to walk into the science room where the whole middle school team is gathered, pull out anywhere from 20 to 40 pages of notes, set the pile of notes on the nearest table, say, "Whoever's in Solar System, have fun with this. Oh, and don't mess up", and walk out. I think that's enough assistant coaching for one meeting. I think I'll actually help at the next meeting, or at least supervise (read: make sure no one does anything excessively stupid).
I believe you mean supervise- make sure no one does anything fun without you.
http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index ... 212AA7mdi3
Thats greatness! That just made my day!
That's awesome

Wizard's First Rule: People are stupid.
Who ordered the Chinese food?
"Wow...what is the world coming to?

""Artifical intelligence is no match for natural stupidity."" One of the truest (most true?) quotes in the world."
I realize this is just a coincidence...but i just divided by 0 on my graphing calculator and it died....o well, i'll just go get some new batteries...
Home.
like
My little sister just kicked me in my...... sensitive area.
One day without scioly.org is bad enough... I don't know if I'll last the week next week...
I know how you feel, I have to miss next week two, at least I have mobil texts set up for facebook so I will not be competely away fron technology.
"Faceboooooook...I'm hooked! On Facebook." --RhettandLink
"Ow...I got hit in the face with a tennis ball. While playing tennis. Alone. FAIL.

I hate being away from the computer. It always seems that everything happens when I'm gone...I'm going off to orchestra camp in a few weeks (which has the obligatory lack of internet). It's loads of fun though. Making fun of annoying people at camp over infinite late-night rounds of cards, playing pranks on roommates you don't like, booing people off the stage for not walking on stage correctly, laughing hysterically when your friend tells you she lost her glasses (again), laughing hysterically when your other friends tells you he moved out of his dorm room because he couldn't stand his roommate, reciting half the lines to the movie on Movie Night...and, um, yeah, there's the whole ""playing music with an orchestra/chamber group"" thing, too, but that's not that important, is it?"
"lol, were you using a ball machine?
I need one of those. Too bad they're super expensive.

Hm, I've never been to sleepaway camp. Only on vacation but at least I have my ipod and leeching free wifi is fun xD"
No (although that's probably part of the reason I'm so hesitant about getting one- I don't want to get hit by a tennis ball fired at 30-ish mph), I was hitting the tennis ball against a wall, wasn't paying much attention (bad idea), and it came back and hit me in the face.
"I'm baaacckkkkk



from camp, that is."
Did you know, that underneath their clothes, the entire global population is NAKED?!?!
Greetings from New Orleans!
"my parents randomly decided a week ago that we were going to go to colorado for a week. so... we're leaving tomorrow on the 7 am plane. yay for getting up at three am...
earlier this year, we were thinking we'd go to greece... then with all the stuff going on there, we decided we could settle for visiting seattle or something. but then we were too lazy to go aaallll the waaay over theeeeere. so we're going to colorado instead. -shrug-"
"Hellloooo, ladies.
Look at you man, now at me, now back to your man, now back to me.
Sadly, he isn't me. But if he stopped using lady scented bodywash and switched to Old Spice, he could smell like he's me.
Look down, back up, where are you?
You're on a boat, with the man your man could smell like. What's in your hand, back at me, I have it.
It's an oyster, with two tickets to that thing you love!
Now look again, the tickets are now DIAMONDS!
Anything is possible when your man smells like a man and not a lady. I'm on a horse.
Do do do doot doo do do dooot ."
Two more posts after this one until 121000 posts
Balls, man! We just ran over that little tiny bus! A little tiny bus right back there..."
I learned I was going to NJ the day before we left
why do you have to wake up at 3? how long does it take to get to the airport?! for me, if it was a 7 am plane, I'd wake up at 5ish.
"Two hours to wake up, get up, dress, brush teeth, comb hair, finish packing, eat breakfast, do whatever else you have to do, drive to the airport, and most importantly get through airport security? Doubtful. Even if it only takes you an hour from the time you get up to the time you arrive at the airport, by the time you get through security the plane's going to be long gone. Oh yeah, and you have to find your gate, which takes time (especially if it's a large airport, like Chicago O'Hare) and you're supposed to be on the plane 10-15 min before the departure time. No wonder I hate flying.

Edit: The one time when I went on a school-sponsored trip to Canada, on the return flight, we sat on the plane, at the gate, at the Canadian airport for an hour because the plane needed to be de-iced and they only had one de-icing truck available because the other one caught fire. To add insult to injury, they had to dump some of our luggage to take on extra fuel because of bad weather. It was past midnight by the time we got home."
Yes, O'Hare is extremely busy and big. You'll need to get there at least an hour and a half ahead, 2 hours to be on the safe side.
"Haha, posting from Chicago.

I'm out of here now, I think"
I'm back... it's been so long... I just barely survived...
"http://craigslisting.tumblr.com/post/69420256/wall-art

This is quite possibly one of the funniest things I have read recently."
Recently found out I do have a palmaris muscle. It's just really small and atrophied. I need to work out more.....
"Two questions.
a) What is wrong with Colorado?
b) Where in Colorado?


Yay finally back from camp"
I hate summer homework. Especially if it's for English and involves taking notes. Oh well, at least it's an interesting book.
/me just got a new laptop.
Oh no! xkcd is down!
I have enrollment tomorrow. Where has the summer gone?
I'm halfway through my vacation!
Found the PERFECT avatar for gh(or any other admin for that matter).... Too bad it too big in size...
But school is fun...and being me theres no difference between the summer and the school year except that in the school year i take 8 classes while during the summer i take 3....my life is so exciting don'tcha think?
"How can you take 3 classes in the summer?

i tried but they all overlapped, so I ended up with 2"
"They aren't at school. Ones at a local dual credit community college, two are online at Keystone National High School.

Which turns out to work pretty well for me, i need to go no where since they're all online."
"oh, yeah, if you took some online that would work

mine are a combo of district and university courses"
"I wish i could afford taking a course at the U of I...Calc 3 is 2 grand, now i love me some calc but thats a wee bit too much.

Btw wat school do you go to? Itd be cool to meet at state"
"so tired and sick ... ugh...
well bright side is im on scioly!!!"
"U of I does summer courses?

i did northwestern, which still costs as much (2K for commuter, 3K residential)"
"Well ya they have a dual credit program, you just have to apply to it and get recommendations and such...

Im probably gonna save up and take Differential Equations and Multivariable Calc the summer after my Junior year but def not any time soon..."
Note to self: DO NOT simultaneously drink a glass of water and laugh at something funny you just saw/read on the computer.
Isn't that a given?
Yeah, but I just did so, and almost spit water on my computer. Lesson learned.
http://www.latenightwithjimmyfallon.com ... t-takes-2/
"Bonjour everyone My names Savanah, im lllazars teammate!

WHOS READY FOR SCI OLY SEASON TO START????"
Me! For some, it's already started.
Opinion on the new avatar guys?
"I liked the cougar better, but it's okay.
Also, did you see that if you click on rocketman1555's profile, he's a mod now?"
"he's a wha-

*goes to look*

You're right! He does have five stars. No bold green color, though.

Congrats, rocketman. Unless you aren't actually a mod, in which case... ignore this post."
"Yeah, and he's not in the usergroup.
EDIT: Congrats!"
"Nice job rocket!

I think I'll stick with this avatar for a change. I've had enough cougars to last me a while now. Thanks for your opinion though paleonaps."
OM NOM NOM science Olympiad fun Camp is amazing
Oh great, now I'm going to be all confused again. I suppose I'll get used to it eventually.
HI! more illinois people!
"I'm psyched

Off to China on Sunday! Shanghai World Expo w00t! But no internet..."
"W00t!! Asian pride! SOO JEALOUS THAT YOU GET TO GO TO WORLD EXPO!!! When I went to China, I also had no internet. I pretty much had to run over to my uncle's to use internet. At least I had Half-Life on my computer.
chia wrote:
ElPuenteGrande wrote:
Bonjour everyone My names Savanah, im lllazars teammate!

WHOS READY FOR SCI OLY SEASON TO START????
HI! more illinois people!
There's still more people from Pennsylvania!!( ) Aside from my over-obnoxiousness, welcome Savanah!"
currently active illinois users till now are myself, kjhsscioly, and lllazar. yeah. we need more
Currently active Kansas users (on public forums) are: Me. You're not that bad off, Illinois.
Active NY users: Me, random, fmtiger, blue cobra (to some extent) pjgscioisamazing, jocool, quizbowl sometimes. We win!
Off to orchestra camp today! Although I'm going to be stranded without internet for a whole week.
"just got back from SO camp
it was fun
except for the no internet this year :\"
"Tennis league game today against a 13 year old prodigy ....hope i get a game off him.

Wish me luck! And everyone have fun at w/e camps u guys are going to"
Good luck. I'm too lazy to do tennis camp. Instead I just get tennis lessons from a sadist.
"BAND CAMP

I wish I could play tennis more often. I could be better at it, but unfortunately I don't get to play enough so it's mostly just playing for the fun of it."
I cleaned off my desk and found nearly 2 dozen bags. I think I'll be alright.
Leaving for orchestra camp. Finally. I can already tell it's going to be a looong week.
The game Towers of Hanoi is really a fractal in every way. Including being a sierpinski triangle.
"Oh, I love the math behind the towers of hanoi. Its fascinating! http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Towers_of_hanoi

I can actually solve the Towers of Hanoi puzzle in the fewest number of moves... no matter how many rings... I've memorized the pattern needed"
Wow it seems that this summer has gone by really fast. I now have less than a month till school starts.
Yeah it didn't take long to figure out. I haven't committed the pattern to muscle memory, but I can do it. It's a nice game.
"Here's the trick:
Count the rings. If there are an odd number of rings, then you move the first to the far right. If there is an odd number, you move it to the middle. The same logic applies whenever you move a sub-tower, like if you wanted to move 3 of the rings. When its an odd number, you move it immediately to the place you want it to go, and the other way around for an even number. I hope that made sense."
Hide fail.
"MY ORIGINAL PROCESS, HIDDEN FOR LENGTH AND ITS SOLUTION CONTENT (AKA SPOILERS) (CLICK TO SHOW HIDDEN TEXT)
It really is a fascinating puzzle."
"Six days till Chicago.....Six days till Chicago.......Six days till Chicago.......Six days till Chicago..........................
I don't think I'll make it."
"Yes, that's what I do. I don't break it down to the last ring (usually I have to start paying attention for sub-towers of 4 or more), but I do exactly that. Then, once you've decided weather to move that tower of 4 to the center or far right post, then you use my strategy to figure out where to move the first ring.
I really like the Tower of Hanoi... The history of it is also pretty cool!"
How 'bout the new avatar?
"Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah

It's that time of year when everyone changes their avatar

/me runs away and hides"
Felt I needed a change of pace.
"NEW AVATAR ALERT.

*DING* *DING* *DING*"
Me too
glad i changed my avatar a while back.
well, since everyone else is, i guess my avatar could use changing...
I'm stuck in my old ways.
"I got an avatar like a week ago...

Can anyone guess who it is?"
If i had to guess, i would say socrates or pythagoras
Yes idaho, its pythagoras.
"Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah

/me runs and hides from all the avatars"

Yes. Those too.
"Great movie. You see it?
Why run from 12-foot tall blue humanoids?
That's the easiest rhetorical question I've ever asked."
No. From what I saw of previews, it was all special effects and no plot.
No, it was more like 50-50. Plot wasn't original, but the special effects made it worthwhile. Even my plot-obsessed English teacher spent the day talkign about it once.
Anyone here play the game "ninja"? It's become rather popular during band camp. I won four straight games today... One of my friends plays ninja like no other- he once climbed a tree during the game, and everyone forgot about him until the end. He won. (He also does somersaults and cartwheels regularly)
I haven't been on this forum in awhile... so I come on and it seems like EVERYONE changed their avatar! Also, when did those "extra buttons" appear above where you type the reply?
I don't see any extra buttons.
What extra buttons?
Pleiades they have been added every so often as they have been thought up
"It had a plot, it was just a very predictable, boring, and unoriginal one. It was pocahontas with a 3D face slapped onto it and called groundbreaking.

Its not a great movie, its amazing right now because of the effects, but it will be crap in even 3 years time. Star wars IV was amazing in special effects for its time, but now is much more important for its plot, Avatar doesn't have the plot to stand on. Frankly I'm not happy for what its done to cinema, it has promoted the heck out of 3D, and movies that don't need and shouldn't have it now will like The Last Airbender and Clash of the Titans. Hopefully inception will prove the opposite, that 3D isn't needed."
"I wouldn't say three years- the special effects in Jurassic Park look great almost twenty years later.
But I do agree that the plot was predictable, and that it has needlessly promoted 3D. But since I have dabbled in CG effects, I understand more than most what it takes to do this kind of work. I liked it, but more for the ""wow!"" feeling than anything else.
I also saw Inception, and it was good. Interesting plot. In 2D!"
Inception was amazing, hands down one of the best movies of the year.
I think avatar will age faster than people will believe, its going to be much less seldom seen in 3D because you either have to use special glasses to get crappy 3D, or an expensive new 3D TV and glasses to get okay 3D. 3D is a tiring gimmick.
Can someone just invent 4D so we can all move on?
"It probably will. I think the reason that JP isn't aging is that the special effects had to be believable in a real setting. Spielberg told them to make the animals look lifelike, and they did. In new movies, the objective isn't to make the creature look real, but to make the creature. Harry Potter movies being a good example. The creatures look good, just not Jurassic Park good.
Avatar's objective was to provide a visual overload to detach our retinas and burn our brains out while wearing brain-frying 3D glasses.
Well, maybe not, but it didn't need everything to look real because the whole world looked seamless because it was created in the same place- the computer. It doesn't need the look of JP because it blends with it's environment.
But honestly, good computer animation is hard to pull off. It makes you realize how hard it is when you try it yourself.
I better not mention this to one girl in my school- her brother works for Weta and worked n Avatar.
Verdict: Avatar- good for SFX, not for plot. Will age fast, and transform industry. Also will make James Cameron richest man in Solar System.
Can you say ""flamewar""?"
"Inception was amazing beyond words. It was SOOOO GOOD! I don't care if it was 3D or not, the plot... the storyline... OH! The effects were amazing too... The scene where the town folds itself in half? Or the cafe blows up? Or even when she builds that bridge with the mirrors... Best. Movie. Ever.
Except for Young Frankenstein, of course."
I loved it. you guys are all right, it was the best movie of the year.
"Meh, countless other movies were better. That being said, its not an easy competition, Inception is the best this year. I'd say its about on par with The Matrix, but I think The Dark Knight beats it out just because... well it didn't have Heath Ledger. To be called on par with The Dark Knight for me means its the best movie since it. The plot was excellent precisely because it was confusing. Very Abby Normal.
It felt a lot like The Matrix (going into an alternate reality where dying in that reality has terrible consequences, it had a lot of slo-mo effects too), but with the dark feel of The Dark Knight."
Inception was great. Kept you entranced till the last minute.
What I really liked about Inception was the complexity behind it. The story was so well written, and with the different time lapses... Like how it showed the car falling off the bridge? Or how the hotel was anti-gravity as they fell? It was just a really cool movie.
Or how the music slowed down with every level of consciousness? Excellent touch. Zimmer is a genius.
What song was that? I mean, the idea of using music like that was great, but it was a catchy tune to.
"it did? i swear i didn't realize that, and usually i notice the soundtrack.
i went to see it... a week ago? with kjhsscioly. we thought it was pretty great, i've never seen a movie anything like that.
my mom saw it before me, and she didn't think it was that great... but then again, action scenes bore her (she told me it might've been more effective if it had been done more european --> less violence/action, but no one else seems to mind =P)
oh, arthur... ""well, it was worth a shot"" XD"
Yeah, I don't think the music slowed down. I mean, it did, because when they put the headphones on in the real world, it was a little slower in the dream, but there was no diference between the music in the 1st level and the 3rd level because... ugh, how to explain it... Because the difference in time between the real world and the 1st level was exactly the same as the difference between the 2nd and 3rd. I sure hope that made sense.
"Yeah its like in a line: y = mx, the slope stays the same no matter which part of the line you use to evaluate it.

Also I got this shirt:

http://shirt.woot.com/friends.aspx?k=14798"
Shirt of Win!
"I'm back! Orchestra camp was so awesome...

Pro:
Most of the music was good.
I did not screw up my audition.
I liked my chamber group and the music we played.
No crash and burn at any of the concerts.
I got to see lots of friends from school and/or camp last year.

Con:
I tripped and fell down a hill.
The violin part to ""Por Una Cabeza (Tango)"" only sounds good if you can hit all the high notes.
Cafeteria food is somewhat disgusting.
We had to go up and down 3-4 flights of stairs about 20 times every day.
A mildly famous Piano Trio came to perform and I almost fell asleep during their recital.
I tripped and fell down a hill.
Wearing black pants in summer is a bad idea when it's 85*F outside."
I don't think orchestra members should be allowed to complain about "hitting all the high notes". Right brass players?
They should. There is a reason I quit music.
They should be allowed to complain? All they have to use is their hands. Band members, specifically marching band members, need to use nearly every part of their body. There's no straining to hit that one high note that always eludes you. There's no putting down your instrument, completely out of breath but knowing that they just played the song perfectly, giving you satisfaction as you gasp for air.
"Jeez, cool it. We can complain about whatever applies to us- I am not a marching band member and will never be one, just as you will never play violin.
Also, didn't you just give us reasons to complain?
What do you play?"
French Horn, Mellophone.
"My grandpa was a professional oboist.
I played cello and piano, and now play vuvuzela."
Applause for the vuvuzela. Bzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz.
"My high school doesn't have any vuvuzela rules that I know of. I plan to change that.
Also, instead of clapping and screaming at award ceremonies, I will bring a vuvuzela.
And first place.... BZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ!"
At the show!
That's a good idea. Too bad they'd throw you out.
FIFA World Science Olympiad.
W00T oboes FTW!!!! Does he still play?
Not really- he's 90. And has no teeth. He tried teaching me.... but I'm not musical in the least.
^_^.....this counts as random.....
Nice to see you back Cypress.
"Can you hit the High C on Mello? That's the note that's been eluding me forEVER! I've the the B flat down cold now, after I went at the high part in the ballad in Jupiter ~500 times.

Oh, and that piece of silver is a pain to polish and heavy after 10 minutes.
robodude wrote:
paleonaps95 wrote:
My grandpa was a professional oboist.
W00T oboes FTW!!!! Does he still play?
There's a reason oboes don't march. Marching band is about a good sound, and a loud one."
"""And whoever brought that vuvuzela, your team is now in last place. Thank you for your cooperati-""
""BZZZZZZZZZZZZ!"""
"BZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZz until he goes deaf.

No, I think it's because you have to sit to play oboe- which is the opposite of marching."
No, you don't. In fact, I find it easier to play while standing. Thats what I did for my Solo, I can get larger breaths. The reason that oboes don't march is because they aren't loud enough, and oboes just don't seem to fit into that Marching Band sound. The oboe seems to me to be more of a classical instrument.
Alright, that sounds better than what I said. I've never seen a standing oboe player.
Since everyone else seems to be changing their avatars, I suppose I might as well change mine before the new season starts. Tsunamis aren't part of DP anymore, and since Sounds of Music is in (and 'cause I like playing the violin), why not? Mostly, I was bored.
"Actually, the REAL reason is that it's illegal to march double reeds, due to some sort of safety hazard from hitting something and getting the reed lodged in your throat/cutting yourself?

I just prefer my BS reason of oboes being too weak/soft."
That makes sense too.
Illegal? Really? That's quite funny, actually. Oh, the amount of stupid laws we have (not that saving woodwind players from a trip to the ER is stupid, but that there's an actual law in place).
I broke a law, but it really is a stupid law and i guarantee most everyone in Colorado has broken this law because it is illegal to have a snowball fight in the state of Colorado. Yes stupid.
O rly? I break a law every day at school... The entire Encyclopedia Britannica is banned in Texas. Beat that. O.o
"Really? Why?
One time I borrowed something from my preschool and forgot to return it. It was never missed. They were probably very happy to have it gone.
I can't believe I forgot to say this, but...
Belated greetings from Chicago, Illinois! I got here late Monday night!"
"I feel this is worth the double post:
Today I met a famous paleontologist by the name of Paul Sereno. I got to visit his lab- which was amazing beyond words. I saw so many dinosaurs, including the remains of Raptorex kreigsteini. I also saw the casting space for fossils, casts of the skulls of Nigersaurus taqueti and Suchomimus tenerensis, and remains from an ancient burial ground in the Sahara desert. I saw this model, and will be going on a Project Exploration dig with him next summer. Today has been a complete dream for me!"
/me has joined the avatar changing trend
Make it transparent
I do hope you mean the one above the staff? No. I'm close to nailing it on French Horn but I can only hit G above the staff on Mello.
"3 responses:

1. [sarcasm]No...I mean the one below it. You know, my range is 6 notes, not including pedal tones[/sarcasm]
2. [sarcasm]No! The one in the staff. You know, I'm in a band going to BOA this year, and my range is limited to mid range. I can hit exactly 0 high range notes.[/sarcasm]
3. Oh, well, don't worry. I could only hit the G the beginning of the season my freshman year too.

Oh, btw, at camp, I met someone from Kansas who went to a school that won state finals in Kansas every year. You go to that school? Or do you hate them?"
"More than likely hate them. Was it high school or junior high?

My junior high has made nats once, my high school never, so it's certainly not my school."
Other herbs. Heh.
High school. Maybe I'll look the name of the school up later, on FB.
Yay for Friday the 13th and for me having 13 more days of summer left and Tomorrow is the final big tourist event in my town which is called Gold Rush Day, yay for buying homemade rootbeer and hanging wout with friends. AND YAY FOR SCHOOL BEING CLOSE TO STARTING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ; )
Back- two days without scioly...
Two days? Bah. Child's play. I went four.
I did four with limited access, two without any internet.
Child's play. I went thirty.
How did you survive?
Wow. I went years w/o Sicoly....
"So did I, but now that I'm on...
This is my thought on this whole discussion:"
oh... i have done 52
WHAT HAPPENED?!?!?!?!
"I had a really good time with a ton of really good friends, and trying to pick up a really cute chick.

(I was at camp)"
"hmm, ok let me give you this:

May 12, 2009-March 28, 2010

that would be 320"
I went 5,195 days at one point. Of course, I didn't know it existed for 5,195 days.
I think I did that too. I was almost 14 when I found out this existed.
You cannot experience withdrawal to something you have never had, therefore, "before I found this site" is obsolete.
Only 15 more days until school starts...I'm not sure whether to be happy or sad about this.
Be happy. I have two.
Twenty-something.
Yay 11 days untill school starts. I have had 3 dreams about school this summer and one of those I was at a scioly competition and had somehow had 3 events at the same hour.
"Greetings from Shanghai

Huh. I've got a little less than a month of summer left."
"Greetings from... Stony Brook.

Right now, bio camp and not thinking about the AP summer assignment are keeping me well occupied."
So I have learned that a coronal mass ejection can knock out cellphone service and internet for an entire town cause that is apperently what happened to my town a few days ago.
I totally believe that.
Leaving for college today...
Good luck rocketman! Try to log on once in a while, okay?
i had the weirdest dream that it was the first day of school, and i went to every single class except computer programming, and didn't even notice i had missed it XD (don't i wish)
"rocketman: Good luck!!
soobsession: I HATE YOU
sweetcoop: O_____O

Who has an opinion on any movies they just saw? :> I loved Inception. And An Education."
Loved Inception, Toy Story 3 (go ahead, laugh at me), going to see Vampires Suck soon.
"No no no, Toy Story 3 was very good. Personally, I think It had a LOT more character development than the predecessors.
I can't wait to see Catfish, Buried, and Wall Street 2. Because my sister is involved the latter.

EDIT: Is Vampires Suck going to be a ""Scary Movie"" type of spoof? >_>"
"Yes, I believe so.
How is your sister involved in Wall Street 2?"
Ordered my rulebooks!
Have the flu in August. Really!?
Yes, really. It's worse to have the flu in August... on your birthday... happened to me two years ago.
That sucks. Your birthday is soon then?
Yeah... it'll come up sometime soon... whenever it is.
You don't know when you're birthday is?
Yeah... it just tends to come up. I'll wake up one morning and someone says "Hey, it's your birthday" and I think "Oh, cool, it's my birthday!" Or something like that
"Nice.
I saw Vampires Suck on Thursday. It was very, very funny. Good cinematography too."
"dam college will be boring without SO and ill probaly desert this site..hehe jk

EDIT: happy birthday me ..!!"
Are you EdwardCullenLover?
"Z, did you know this girl?
EDIT: Watch without younger siblings in room- swear words."
What do you think?
Ah school starts in three days and for some odd reason I am really excited.
I'm also pretty excited for school. We start in over 2 weeks.
No.
You know it was a joke, right? I thought of you when I heard "Olathe, Kansas."
Yes, I'm familiar with onions. I like them on my hamburgers.
I prefer cheeseburgers.
"they've been redoing our school, and it is WAY bigger than it looks like from the outside. maybe all the corridors going in circles have something to do with that XD it has a lot of big panoramic windows, and a cafeteria with a skylight
crazy stuff... school starts this wednesday for us!"
Good luck!
Our school is huge (biggest in Kansas) and has lots of mazes but I'm used to it on this, only the fifth day of school. Once you get used to it, it seems a lot smaller.
Wow, biggest in Kansas? Nice.
"It's weird.

We have one of, if not the best culinary arts program in the nation (we have statistics to back it up)
We have one of, if not the best band program in the state
We have the best 6A football program in the state
We have (hopefully) a strong SO program (nats-worthy)

And we're the ""ghetto"" school in the district. How does that work out?"
You're a gangsta?
"The ""gangstas"" go to my school...

And no, I'm not a gangsta. I like hockey."
So what, you live in a ghetto?
No, actually. I live in one of the richest counties of America. The East and South side is so rich, that actually well-off middle-class people are considered impoverished by their standards. But everyone knows that North side is so much better.
Nice. VERY nice.
There is something wrong with you if you manage to get lost in my school since it is very small.

"THE STUPID, IT BURNS!!!
BTW, looking at the following picture for 10 seconds will cause a 30-point IQ reduction and loss of sphincter control in Americans."
Victim in Fatal Car Accident Tragically Not Glenn Beck
Same here! There is also something wrong with you if you walk from one side of the building to the other and NOT get hit on the head by a falling ceiling tile. jk, but still. Whenever you look up, you see missing ceiling pieces with a trash can under them collecting water. It's pretty awesome!
"/facepalm

This is (one of the almost infinite number of reasons) why the rest of the world thinks we're stupid."
"I posted that video a few pages back.
I never thought you of all people would make fun of Glenn Beck."
"I fail. I watched the video you posted, and then the picture reminded me of that (not remembering of course that I had originally seen it from here).

Why wouldn't I make fun of Glenn Beck (or more accurately, point readers to someone else making fun of him [or were they making fun of people who strongly and vocally dislike him? Hmm])? It's so easy after all."
Parentheses overload.
Because you're a die-hard republican. Even though it is easy.
You don't code do you?
When did I say that? I was much more republican-like back in the days of the Politics thread (if you were even around for that) but even then I don't think I ever claimed to be a republican (both as I am too young to register to a political party and in that I wouldn't want to). I will concede that generally republicans have been slightly less bad than democrats on certain issues recently. That's as far as I'd go, though.
I read through that whole thread. Have you really changed that much?
"Yes. I've done a considerable amount of thinking and reevaluation since then. Those views were terribly inconsistent. Lest we clog up this thread, may I recommend PM if you wish to discuss this further (if you don't, that's fine too).

Granted, I'm just a 15-year-old kid. I haven't closely examined every aspect of my world view. However I feel my current positions are greatly improved in many aspects."
That's nice. Always thinking is good. Let's not take this any further.
I hereby decree that no one post from now until 4:30 PM tomorrow. Maybe now I won't have to sift through all those posts to clear my board index again?
"blue cobra, are you in NY's Youth And Government? You strike me as the kind of person who would enjoy debates, a mock legislature/government, and all the other stuff that's part of YAG. (I've been in YAG for a year, and I have to admit that my favorite part of it is tearing apart other delegations' bills (figuratively, not literally) in front of the full ""Congress"".)

Edit: Sorry, zz. Looks like you'll have to spend a little more time sorting through posts."
Whoo school tomorrow I am stoked but not too excited that I have Ecology, AP Calculus, and Physics on the same day, oh well.
Why is everyone so excited for school?
I'm not. Whatever magical properties a new year has die off by the end of the first week.
Guess who I'm adding to my foes list....
Me?

It's only a game. Please don't take it personally.
"I'm just going to come out and say it:
MOCKINGJAY IS AMAZING!"
DON'T TELL ME ANYTHING. I'm waiting for my birthday on Sunday to get it. It better live up to my expectations.
Whatever you do, don't reveal the ending...I'm still waiting for my copy to arrive and it would spoil all the fun if I already knew the ending, no? That being said, I really want to know what happens.
Well, that being said, I think I should mention that I too have pre-ordered my copy and am waiting. I got so impatient that I ended up buying it on my mom's Kindle. My Social Studies teacher is EVIL... She mocked me all day (no pun intended) because she already had it, and even let me borrow her copy so I could read the first page. Tomorrow, after I finish the book, I'll have to go tease her and show off my awesome Mockingjay pin
Yay I start what is my last first day of high school today.
Today was the activity fair at my school and already twice as many people have signed up than did last year. And they haven't even had the freshmen sign up yet!
Ha I am really going to enjoy my Psych class, and the best part about this year is that I can still do Science Olympiad, and I have now officially had a top locker every year since middle school. The bad part is that my Calc book is about 2.5 inches thick and weighs a few pounds.
Yea don't be a spoiler...
I have finally grasped the true awesomeness of Friday.
Yes first week of my senior year is done and I am going to love this whole school year especially my Sci O study since I get to study on my own and will probably get to help in some of the decisions for like who makes the team and who the captians are for each event. I also thankefully got into an english class that is not full of pot heads and is not on school grounds and is instead at CMC.
i'm watching a very potter musical and it is HILARIOUS (omg voldemort snape and draco )
"im being forced to go to a mets game today, and im a die hard yankee fan....
if the new assassinator game comes out and i miss it, i'll punch a squirrel."
Why are you being forced to go to a Mets *ugh ack* game?
my mom fell into some tickets and is forcing me to go. plus, if i dont go, im threatened with losing my computer..
I don't think my parent's would ever do that to me.
"Harsh, but if you miss the assassination thread today, I will likely too (going to a beach up on Lake Ontario).

In other news, I finally got my schedule. Its quite a mixed bag of good and bad.
The good: Having a lunch everyday might relieve a hectic junior schedule (I had two electives planned instead of the lunch period, one got canceled because not enough kids signed up for it, the other they could not schedule me in)
I have a decent amount of friends I know going to be in my French, Gym, first semester English, and a couple in my math and lunch.
My teachers are a farily good batch as well. Mostly that I got the APUSH teacher that doesn't give a bucketload of work.

The bad: Between my two best friends, I have 1/2 a class with one of them, where freshman and sophomore year I had at least one with both. That 1/2 of a class is orchestra, and because we're in different sections, I won't be able to talk to him much in the first place.
I wasn't scheduled in my computer class, not too terrible but it means I have to rework my schedule for senior year to take them. It also means I won't be in the same computer class as the people I have been for the past 2 years.

also, funny video: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nYlZiWK2Iy8"
"I thought this was funny to examine.I cant believe we do this unconsciously.
---------------------------------------------------------------
The nuclear syllable carries the main point the speaker wishes to make. For example:

John had not stolen that money. (... Someone else had.)
John had not stolen that money. (... Someone said he had. or... Not at that time, but later he did.)
John had not stolen that money. (... He acquired the money by some other means.)
John had not stolen that money. (... He had stolen some other money.)
John had not stolen that money. (... He had stolen something else.)

Also

I did not tell her that. (... Someone else told her)
I did not tell her that. (... You said I did. or... but now I will)
I did not tell her that. (... I did not say it; she could have inferred it, etc)
I did not tell her that. (... I told someone else)
I did not tell her that. (... I told her something else)

This can also be used to express emotion:

Oh, really? (...I did not know that)
Oh, really? (...I disbelieve you. or... That is blatantly obvious)
---------------------------------------------------------------
I think the last line is the funniest."
"Oh, I know about those. I prefer to use:

""I never said she stole my money"". That can be taken seven different ways (or eight, I guess)."
"I FINALLY GOT MOCKINGJAY!
/me goes off to read the entire book"
lol its z's birthday! Hapy 12th birthday!
..... hes 15. at least thats what it says here.
Yeah, I'm fifteen.
"Lol, I got it yesterday, and wouldn't come out of my room until I finished it. I still think Catching Fire is the best, though. Just sayin'.

Edit: School starts tomorrow for me...yay."
kjhsscioly is obsessed with those books (i haven't gotten around to reading any yet :/)
yes, yes i am
"Oh, no! Two people with Hunger Games avatars! Who's taking Catching Fire? Or maybe I should?

No spoilers by the way, I've only gotten to page 100 on Mockingjay- just got it today."
"What is this? Three different people have The Hunger Games avatars??? Sigh.

Also, Mockingjay is really good. 100 pages in, eh? If you think its dark, just you wait. It gets darker."
Are those books any good?
"""Are they any good?"" Good is an understatement. Try ""the best freak'n series ever written""!!
DISCLAIMER: When I say that a book is my ""favorite"" or ""the best"", that is BEHIND h2g2. Nothing competes with h2g2, these are just simply the best not including."
I need something to read- I think I'll try them. Better than Harry Potter?
"Eh, I wouldn't go that far. They are quite impressive however. At least based on the first book.

...and that's coming from a cynic."
"Well, thats only based on the first book. The series gets better as you go on. But the two series really hard to compare. One is about witches and wizards, and the other is a post-apocalyptic series will kids kill other kids for entertainment.

However, if I had to chose, I would say yes. The series is a little bit better than Harry Potter."
I think I'm picking up the first one today.
"Yeah you have a good point. Like I said, I would put Harry Potter over The Hunger Games, but probably because I read it so much as a young kid (read the 4th book in 2nd grade).

And I don't mean to nitpick but unless something radical changes in the series, its not a true post apocalyptic novel. Its got several ideas in similar, but overall, even the districts have enough technology and people to make Post Apocalyptic inaccurate."
"I read them a lot when I was little too. (Okay, not really. I was a delayed reader and had to have the first few read to me, but they gave me some wonderful memories).
In other news, I will not log on for a while. I'm sleeping over at a friend's house and we are going to a waterpark tomorrow, so this may be my last log on until tomorrow night. On the plus side, we will kill each other with NERF guns."
"So, futuristic, then?

Also, I like this kind of book (by which I mean The Hunger Games and Harry Potter)- the type that you can read just for the plot and the story or you can think about what it all means (not English-class-there's-a-meaning-to-every-little-thing thinking, but it just makes you think about something). Still, having to take notes on it sort of kills the book."
"YAY! New avatar!
Three guesses why I chose it."
"Hmmm... well...

Guess 1) Its a picture of you.
2) Its a picture of your pet
or
3) It has something to do with your strange obsession with raptors."
"1) No
2)I wish
3) I wouldn't call it a ""strange"" obsession. A lot of people could say you have a ""strange"" obsession with H2G2*. (Granted, it's more widely accepted, but have you ever seen JP?)
*I also love H2G2."
"Yes, but at least my strange obsessions rotate. First h2g2, then fractals, followed by Professor Layton, and now The Hunger Games*.
*you may also call my obsession with xkcd strange"
Nothing wrong with three people with Hunger Games avatars- they are at least, all different. I'm now 150 pages in. Darn homework kept me from reading at school.
"Oh don't be modest, the resemblance is uncanny!

..."
"I joined the club!
EDIT: Crap kissjoy beat me to it...
EDIT2: Mines cooler though."
My school starts tomorrow.
Thats going to get WAY too confusing. I liked the old one better.
I think you better switch, EFO.
Our avatars aren't the same mine doesn't have words and it's bigger...plus it took me quite some time twinking with paint to get it that way...
"Yes, but its the EXACT SAME THING, just a tiny bit different. But whatever you say, kjhsscioly....
EDIT: I mean EFO. See? Its too hard to tell you apart!"
You guys fail at looking down Under the avatar and reading the username...
Yeah, we do. We just look at avatars, which is why everyone freaks when someone changes their avatar.
My Daily Random Comment.
it's official: my backpack weighed 20 pounds today. (precalc textbook probably weights ten pounds on its own... then epvm (english)... then AP stats is actually pretty light, but fat). i biked home like i always do... almost fell over 'cause it made me topheavy (darn center of gravity was too high )
Ugh, precalc books. I swear, they do weigh ten pounds...and I also have a Am Cultures textbook, a Bio textbook, and a English literature book (each about 2 inches thick). I really hope I don't have to carry all of them home on the same day or I'll, um, let me think...ok, I don't know what I would do. I wouldn't be very happy, though.
i weighed it - apparently it's really only six pounds.
"YAY ME GOT A MEDAL!
EDIT: wow there must have been an editing wave... almost everyone went up a medal.
EDIT: Was I supposed to be notified?"
had some AMAZING sushi tonight from a a place called hama. shrimp tempura roll, spicy tuna roll, some yellowtail roll, and to top it all off, a house roll called the pretty woman. it was shrimp tempura, spicy tuna, yellowtail, avocado, carrot and it was covered in a pink seaweed. it. was. GREAT. i recommend it.
if you have to be notified that a medal was added you really shouldn't be in science olympaid :\
"I don't like sushi.
EDIT: I mean like a pm that I was added to a new user-group? I noticed right away though."
No... both times I've been medaled I found out through someone else. Example: right now. Congratulations to everyone with a medal- thanks for helping out!
"you.
dont.
like.
SUSHI??!?!?!??!?!?
*stabs paleonaps with chopsticks*"
Ack...
"I post from Linux
Huzzah!"
You finally convinced your parents?
No, I got a wireless adapter for the other computer, allowing me to get online and download the files necessary to make it worth using.
"*is amused that of all the active posters of his ""generation"" (who joined/actively posted 09-10), he is the only one medalless*

Cheers! That means I still have a social life!"
"Really? Props to winner- he has a social life.
EDIT: No, RandomPerson doesn't have a medal- unless you don't consider him active."
Nor does fmtiger, or quizbowl or many other active posters.
"I wasn't sure if fmtiger had joined in 09.
EDIT: Rocketman got a green username! He taught the velociraptor proper English and manners!"
bah one week 'til school starts! I really have to start crankin' on my summer assignments..
ditto.
my school has been in session for over a week now
That's not that long. I've been in school for nearly three weeks now.
I'm going in 6 days.
I'm going in -9 days.
ditto.
ditto
I've been in school for 3 days so far...and it's always the same "rules, syllabus, introductions" routine for every. single. class.
Today was my second day of school. I'm in 8th grade, but I take Alg 2 and Spanish 2 at the high school in the morning, then take a shuttle to the middle school. Today was the first time I did that, and I missed the shuttle.
Consider yourself lucky if you escape this week with less than three games of "classmate bingo"
I did that too, only I had to walk back to the middle school. Loads of fun, especially when it's raining/snowing so hard you can't really see where you're going (and you forgot an umbrella/hat). Or when the high school's on lockdown for a random search and you get stranded in your math classroom.
i had to live through four games of "paper airplane two truths and a lie"
finally resized my avatar, still noticeably different from EFO's
Are you taking Algebra 2/Trig, or just Algebra 2? Also, what did you do when you missed the shuttle?
"Haha, I did that my first 2 days of 8th grade.

Apparently the first day they didn't run a shuttle, and no one warned me. So I showed up and got stranded at the high school.

Second day, teacher forgot to let me out early. Missed it again.


Next year though, I get to drive to a local college for math lol. I'm gonna fail somehow."
"I don't know, it's just called Algebra 2.

And I missed it mainly because of a weird schedule change, but also partly because my math teacher let us out late and it took me a while to figure out how to exit the building."
So how'd you get back to the middle school?
I went into the main office and they called it back for me.
Ah, shuttle buses. I took one last year. I never missed it, though.
I've never taken one. Am I the only one on the forum with no affinity for mathematics?
Actually, I took mine for debate.
at our school, there are very plenty of shuttles from one of the middle schools, mainly because of math and science nerds... but for high schoolers, there are no shuttles to colleges because they offer Multivariable calculus in our high school, in conjunction with a nearby college. MVC is usually the highest math anyone gets to, except in extremely rare cases. I am not sure, but there may be an internship shuttle, though that might be an after school thing.
I notice this page has only been commented on by exalted members. I wonder if we can keep it that way...
nope we can't
GRRRRRRRRRRRRR
I'm fine with math, but I hate math class. Since 6th grade I've just slept through all my honors/accelerated math classes and gotten 95-100.
See, if I did that I'd fail. I'm not naturally good- I have to work hard.
ah my first full week of school is over and I can tell that I am going to Love my A days that are filled with Science and Math classes, while b days are easy and I have my indepented study for Sci Oly, sad that in my final year I don't even get in the class but mabey that is a good thing cause I can focus as long as I go to one of the computer labs and not in my Sci O coaches room.
Same here if I did that in honors I would get a 80-90... Anything less than an A my parents will get really mad and kill me...
Am I the only one on the forum who was placed in an.. erm.. low level math class in middle school? Glad I was able to fix that once I got to high school and was able to choose my own classes.
nope i was in low/normal level math for two years which really sucked :\
I've always been in Honors but not the highest level.
I did that in Alg II (the equivalent of 9th grade honors math) last year...of course, my teacher went through the subject matter so freakin' slow that we were a month behind every other Alg II class at the end of the year.
I went to my first high school football game last night and had a great time. We've got a below-average student body in terms of supporting the team, but we've got the best band in the state and the reigning state champion football team, so that makes up for the rest of the school.
"""I have a golden ticket
I have a golden sparkle in my eye""

God I love the origional Willie Wonka and the Chocolate Factory, so much better that new crap with Johnny Depp."
QFT
"Starting school in 2 days.
Not woot..."
same. over-unexcited.
Just bought The Hunger Games.
I'm afraid you're about two books behind. You'd better get reading before I spoil Mockingjay for you.
You better not. You know what we do to book spoilers in Missouri? Imagine your English teacher spoiling Mockingjay to other English teachers. Catastrophic.
I imagine that they take book spoilers and make them compete against each other in the Rocky mountains.
"Me and my friend both read Lord of the Flies this past year in school, having different teachers, he got to read it first before me. When he found out I was starting to read it, he spoiled the entire book for me.
Somehow, I managed to forget, then right before I read the last 2 chapters or so that had the most spoilers, he found out that I forgot, and spoiled it for me again

Spoil it for any of us zyzzyva, and you will not be happy."
Finished The Hunger Games. Loved it. School starts tomorrow, but I think I'll have the whole series read by Saturday.
It's not me you have to worry about. Robodude spoiled some parts of it for me before I got it.
I already accidentally spoiled part of it myself.
lol, how did you do that?
I always look up books I read on Wikipedia after I finish them to see if I missed anything, and.... I clicked on Mockingjay, which led me to a list of things in the series's universe, which led me to know something about District 13. I hope it's not a major point.
"No, its minor.
DISTRICT 13 IS THE LARGEST POINT IN THE LAST BOOK.
I hate to say this, but you just got the Epic Fail Award of the Year."
I know Random told me to stop, but I had to do this.
Now come on, be nice to the former president. James Buchanan was worse.
"At least this guy had children to carry his genes. One second thoughts, that may be a bad thing.
I didn't make the picture either, I just searched Epic failure award."
"Found the perfect avatar for Amerikestrel:

EDIT: HOLY CRAP TEHKUBIX LOGGED IN!"
"Tehkubix has been on chat semi regularly for a while.

Also, don't worry, finding out about District 13 is revealed early in the 2nd book, its not that big of a spoiler."
All this talk between you guys about The Hunger Games made me want to read the series so today my local wal-mart (30 min away) had The Hunger Games in stock so I will start reading it soon, and none of you better spoil the book at all for me.
I just bought.....Mockingjay. SOMEHOW the bookstore sold out of Catching Fire but had 20+ copies of the new book.
Well, it depends how much you read about 13...if you only know that it still exists, then you haven't ruined too much of the series (you find that out at the end of Catching Fire, anyways). If you read the whole paragraph, then yeah, you basically ruined the whole last book for yourself.
THAT'S ALL I KNOW! LET THERE BE MUCH REJOICING!
"this is pretty epic
History of Russia in song"
"...And the ""Fail of the Day"" award goes to me for typing my address wrong in the SO store. Hurray for waiting several extra days for your rules to arrive! They could have been here yesterday or even a few days ago, but NOOO.

But no, in all seriousness, I'm really PO'ed right now."
happy new year to my fellow members of the tribe
L'shanah Tovah!
I wish I was Jewish. The closest I'll ever come is imitating Dr. Zoidberg.
"For those of you who don't want to see a small spoiler from this season's Amazing Race, read no more.

For anyone else who wants to see someone get nailed in the face with a watermelon, watch this. http://gizmodo.com/5632751/how-not-to-f ... -slingshot

Ouch."
"LMFAO!

The ironic thing is that my English teacher showed me that, and I was gonna post it."
hmm, we're almost at page 400 of this thread.
pink cows with purple stripes taste like chicken
odd.
Hey, it is the title of the thread.
Finished Catching Fire this morning. About 100 pages into Mockingjay. I'm so sad that this is only a trilogy- she should write prequels. Or sequels, depending on the ending I don't yet know.
I am 2/3 of the way through The Hunger Games.
This thread is now the Hunger Games progress report.
I have about an hour left of Mockingjay (I have an audible account, and way too many credits).
"No way she can write sequels, the series has a definite end.

In other news, I am now playing Professor Layton and the Unwound Future. Thats right, some noob at Target didn't realize that they weren't supposed to release it until the 12th. So far, the cut scenes are amazing, and the voice overs twice as good.
PROFESSOR LAYTON!!!

EDIT: Wow, this is amazing! Only a few minutes in, and here are some of the BIG changes:
-Different Puzzle music- big change. Not sure if I like it or not yet.
-The memo screen. You can now use 8 different colors with two pen sizes! There's also an eraser tool!
-The voice overs. So far, I have only heard the normal beepy noises in completely un-related talking (like when you click on a random person). Most things have voice overs now!!! Its awesome!
-The graphics are much smoother!
-Puzzle screens now look different!"
I would be jealous, but I honestly don't have the time to play layton for a while.
"Finished Mockingjay- robodude is right. It shouldn't be extended any further.
We need a thread. I'll start it now."
"Personally, I think YDRC is a great place to discuss the book.
DON'T READ IF YOU HAVEN'T READ THE BOOK (CLICK TO SHOW HIDDEN TEXT)"
"IMO, I THINK... (CLICK TO SHOW HIDDEN TEXT)
Also, how did everyone like the ending?"
A BAD END TO THE SERIES (CLICK TO SHOW HIDDEN TEXT)
MY OPINION (CLICK TO SHOW HIDDEN TEXT)
"Very well worded paleonaps.

But yes, the 1st was fresh, Catching Fire felt like a partial imitation of the original but still respectable, Mockingjay was annoying.

Edit: Just thought of this, that felt a ton like the Pirates movie series."
I like naps' version of the ending better than the actual ending, which I think is a little cliche (too lazy to put accent).
Thanks. You guys are giving me more faith to write my novel.
Ah, novels. If you steal any of my several ideas, (which I have the means to publish (maybe) if I decide to stop being lazy) then I will break your neck.
to get away from all of this mockingjay jibba-jabba, im drinking ginger ale now. does anyone else have an obsession with ginger ale, or any other soda at all?
Seltzer water
Keep in mind, no matter what you do, first novels by younger people suck. Always.
Did Eragon suck?
"Absolutely, its a relatively terrible story actually.

Are you really comparing yourself to Christopher Paolini? He's one in a thousand if that authors that wrote a book like that young to make it big."
I wonder if anyone knows what happened to him...seriously, u change ur trilogy to a "cycle" and now its been, wat, 2 years since the 3rd book? Come on man, just get it over with.
"Yeah the books suck from a literary standpoint, but for fantasy fans as myself, its worth a read.
It has been two years.... huh. Yeah he's disappeared off the face of the earth."
"No. Reading a little about him, he graduated high school at 15 (too late for that). I know he is a one in a thousand.
I haven't written a book yet. Also, I never read any of his books. I began Eragon, and realized it was far too similar (in the beginning at least) to the book I want to write, so I stopped so I could deny that I had stolen a plot from him. I saw the movie, which sucked of course, but don't remember much about it.
So, I will try and try again. And maybe I'll succeed, but at the very least I'll tell my story."
is anyone else doing a race for the cure walk around the country?
"I don't think you'll have to worry about that, he stole the entire plot from Star Wars. Just worry about stealing that plot from star wars then.
No I'm really serious there's an incredible character similarity: (Spoilers for Eldest I think, though its at least 4 years old so I think this is fine)

Luke = Eragon
Leia = Roran
Darth Vader = Murtagh
Obi Wan = Brom (Or as I like to call him Obi Brom Kenobi)
Yoda = Glaedr/Oromis
The Force = Magic
Being a Jedi = Being a Dragon Rider

I mean the only major character not having a direct parallel to Star Wars is Arya, and don't get me started about that pathetic love story. And then notice what characters that are in star wars but not Eragon? Han Solo, Chewbacca, and the droids, great Idea CP copy everything else but leave out the best characters and the comic relief."
One of the books I have in my head (I have at least a dozen) involves dragons heavily, as well as a tyrannical ruler, so the first 25 pages seemed like bad news for me.
Being original is best, but one can still adhere to archetypes and do well. But that was perhaps a good decision.
What? Not reading it?
Indeed, don't get ideas from Eragon. All the characters are mary sues anyways.
woohoo scioly meetings start next monday
"We played Bella's Lullaby in orchestra today. Or rather, I was forced to play Bella's Lullaby in orchestra today.
...
...
...
...

...
...
..
It sucked."
"As in, having to play Bella's Lullaby sucked, or the orchestra's rendition of it sucked?

We're just playing regular old classical in my school's orchestra...I have to say, it's a lot better than middle school orchestra, though."
Ha how ironic is it that the only time that the only time since I have been in middle school and on to high school I have never been involved in a Hard Lock Down or Mass evacuation to Sangre De Cristo other than a drill and won't you believe the luck that both happen at a movie night at the high school tonight while I was at home.
GREATEST. MOVIE. EVER.
So Yeah my entire town is completly locked down, glad that I have no plans to leave my house, or sleep till this matter is resolved.
Why is your town in lockdown, exactly? Am I missing something in your post?
"argh; im fasting for yom kippur and i am SO. BUTTERFLYING. HUNGRY.
anyone else in the same predicament?"
"there was a gun threat at the high school. I don't think the town is in a actual lockdown but i am sure that every one in the town made sure there doors and windows were locked. My town just overreacts to things cause the gun was a black airsoft gun.

http://www.9news.com/news/local/article ... &catid=346"
We had a cross country meet today so I kind of had to have breakfast and lunch, but I'm skipping dinner and breakfast tomorrow.
"Geez, do any of the Ultimate pros want to help me?

My hammer is limited to like 25 yards. I can't get it farther."
My dog died yesterday night.

awww sorry paleonaps
Tough luck. That's too bad.
It really does suck when animals die, of course, people dying is worse, but that doesn't happen as frequently.
What a consoling response, Random...
"Why thank you

On a separate note, I love incompetent companies.

Well not really, but it just happens that due to one, I will likely not have to play a medley of Lady Gaga songs in orchestra, as they are on back order"
"Orchestra playing a pops concert?

Anyways, my Bio teacher tried to give us a test on Tuesday, 9/22...until she realized that the 22nd was a Wednesday."
So my Calc teacher assigned my class homework that he said was due on this comming saturdar.
I've been doing a project on homelessness and I'm working on towers with my partner
We always do a pops concert for the first concert of the year, the last 3 are traditional though.
"Huh, at my school, our first and third concert are traditional, the second is all the holiday music (bleh), and the last one is our pops concert.

Edit: Today, my gym teacher left the keys to the locker rooms outside on the field at the end of class, stranding the whole class outside the locker rooms while she went back to get them. This happened twice, with two different classes."
That is a whole lot better than you gym teacher leaving to the football game since he is one of the coaches and have him leave the locker room locked while he has the keys with him. That was fun waiting for someone that would have a key to get there.
I can survive for 50 seconds!
I got 56!
i can last 54!
"I can last 44...

I can also last 20 seconds..."
"Grading Scale for Asians:
A=Average
B=Bad
C=Crap
D=Death
F=You don't want to know...though F1(50-59%) is only slightly less dangerous than F5(0-9%)"
"Lol EFO...

And i can survive 1:19"
I assume you've had experience with dog attacks then Illazar?
So funny, some people in my school seem to talk about Mockingjay like it is some rare collectable. In my prep class, which is a worthless 30 min hour between second hour and lunch I was sitting in my desk reading Mockinjay and someone walked up to me and said "You have Mockingjay. Where did you get it?". I thought this was somewhat funny.
"More like:
100+: Great
95-100: Average
90-95: Decent
B: Bad
C: Fail
D: Epic fail
F: Armageddon/the end of the world as we know it"
Wait, shouldn't the 95-100 be decent, and the 90-95 be average?
"Eh, I think of ""decent"" as ""ok, but a little less than average"".

Anyways, it must be the week of stupid things happening at my school because we had a tug-of-war today at our pep rally, during which the rope broke and everyone involved in said tug-of-war fell over."
Yes i have actually...when i was 6. Luckily it wasn't too big.
Me too- but my mom and grandparents were there to protect me. However I was knocked unconscious.
Idaho, what are your predictions on the Boise vs. Oregon game?
I have company over and they brought their new bulldog puppy and it is ADORABLE!
I just made the best sandwich ever. It had smoked ham, stir fried onions with shredded potato and a jalapeno pepper topped with swiss cheeze, lettuce, all smothered with chipotle sauce, between two pieces of fresh french bread. All of these ingredients were obtained at my local walmart.
"today i went to the novice debate tournament. almost everyone totally knew what they were doing. i was basically the only one who ""uhhhh...""ed. but heck.
seriously though, darn kjhsscioly made me join... -sigh- i guess it's good for me, but it won't be easy either."
I should really join debate.
"nya... i suck at it :/
i hope to get better. hope being the key word there."
Wat school do you go to again?
Naperville Central HS. Do we go against your school?
This year ya, we were in Division A last year, we placed 16th overall (which was quite surprising) so we go moved up. We're aiming for top 12 this year, hopefully we can make it happen.
YES. JOIN DEBATE. Japan-ROK Aff FTW!
"My friend jastrub apparently decided that he does not need to wait for a Scioly.org version of the virtual game.
He...started his own forum >wince<
So he wants everyone to join and play his new game. It's pretty epic. I did a demo version (if you can call it that) today.
It's phpBB3 based, and here is the link."
I looked at it, but it looks way to complicated. Forum posting games thrive on their simplicity. That's why Pong was so much better than Computer Space. It was simple.
Aw, please join. It is complicated, but without reading the rules I was able to understand it within a few minutes.
The fact that you need a whole forum is a bit much, don't you think? And the LAST thing I need is another account to something. And I agree with zyzzyva: if it needs an entire forum, then its way to complicated.
It doesn't need one. He could have done it on here but he didn't have the patience to wait to be chosen.
"Yeah, I'd much rather just play Civilization V that just came out.
It doesn't look bad what he's set up, but its nothing original."
Right- I don't need another account. You shouldn't need an entire forum for one posting game. Overkill.
So none of you are going to join, and this will have become a pointless exercise to help my friend? :puppydogeyes:
Shoot you be tripping Paleo....
"Sorry paleo, but if he wants a posting games, he needs to do 3 things.
1) Come to THIS forum and become well known enough to have a game people are interested in
2) TONE DOWN THE COMPLEXITY
3) Repeat step 2 several times."
"Alright- don't join. He wanted me to spread the word to you guys, and I did. So no one but my friends will join then.
What if I made a special offer to make the next user to join to be an admin?"
Shoot you be tripping Paleo....
Sure, thats cool, but whats the point of being an admin over a forum with no members?
"I don't know- having a red username, and getting to say to people that you are a forum admin.
EDIT: I just had my username changed. It's not too dramatic."
Why the sudden change paleonaps95?
"WHOA! Now you're just going to confuse me. Next thing you know you'll be changing your avatar.

EDIT: Would you mind if I called you ""paleonaps minus 95"" from now on?"
"Very funny.
zyzzyva98 wrote:
WHOA! Now you're just going to confuse me. Next thing you know you'll be changing your avatar.

EDIT: Would you mind if I called you ""paleonaps minus 95"" from now on?
I'd rather you didn't do that. I changed it for personal reasons.
WIll it really be very bad? I mean, all of you call me paleonaps anyway- the number is just extra baggage."
Yes, that is true, but we called you paleonaps because it was a shorter version of your username. Now that you've shortened it, we have to yet again find a way to abbreviate your name. Perhaps "paleo"?
Fine with me. Eventually, my username will just be "P"
I like this shortened name thing. Btw, I've been calling him paleo for a long time now if you haven't noticed, rob.
Ahem, thats robo.
No, 'tis the whole shortened name thing.
"Just so you know, my friends epically complicated Virtual Game is starting on his forum. If you want to join, you can start now.
In a related thought, has RandomPerson picked the next host for this forum yet?"
I do believe he has. You'll see shortly. Also, may I ask why you dropped the 95?
Whoever said that Random was hosting the next game?
"http://xkcd.com/155/
must be paleonaps"
Lol...
Grr they're on to me!
just got back from an MRI...i still feel sick :/
What was it for? The Cancer?
not really. over the summer, i had a small bowel blockage (just so happens on a plane to california) and pretty much wasted half of my camp trip. i ended up having it pass naturally, but they think itll happen again.
I have a pinched nerve. One of my shoulders is lower than the other, but the intense pain hasn't hit yet.
Well only BV know how to kick off their homecoming with a gigantic BONFIRE. I feared for the life of my Neard(Neck Beard, it is apperently lucky).
"Quotes from American Cultures:

Teacher: ""So what forms of transportation might people have used to travel westwards in the late 1800s?""
Student: ""The Underground Railroad?""

Teacher: ""So that's the difference between horizontal and vertical integration.""
Student: ""What if you have trouble remembering the difference between horizontal and vertical in general?""

*Student is talking about how the transcontinental railroad connected places in the US, using New York and Nevada as an example*
Other student: ""Where's Nevada?""

This is an honors class, mind you."
My eyes just melted.
You aren't the only ones... we also have a car smash... unfortunately, thanks to our unpredictable weather, it rained this year and was canceled.
Lol, the AP Physics class kids who are building trebuchets get to launch fireballs - basically, we go out to a nearby grassy field, cover balls of newspaper in oil, light them, and see who can fire them the farthest.
Wow. I see your teachers really care about your safety.
Lol Z there are like 5 trebs, the field is twice the size of a football field (this is Illinois we're talking about...) and there are firefighters stationed in case of an emergency. The balls are like at most 6 inches in diameter and they get put out very soon after they hit the ground.
So your school district actually hired firefighters so you can do this experiment? Lucky. Our school district spends all of its money for shiny new signs that tell you where you can and can't park.
"for our AP Physics B (whooo!) we are dropping pumpkins from cranes, like 200 feet up, and smash them.
we also go to six flags to ""watch physics in action"""
Wow. You people are quite lucky. I'm not sure that there's much destruction to be had in our AP Physics classes. I'm not taking it this year, though.
"Ya our Physics teacher is probably the best and funnest teacher in the school - we have four projects in Physics, and then AP Physics C:

For Physics: A free fall write up report (not so fun), a tooth pick bridge contest (o ya...), a quiz board creation contest (meh), and a rubber band powered vehicle (im planning to build a rubber band powered scooter that a person can ride....).

AP: A treb (as mentioned previously), a Robot Ramble type vex robotics competition, an legit bridge competition (which is between all schools in our area, held at the U of I, u can win a $100), and a trip to six flags"
But we also had a legit bonfire that we thought would be able to burn down the school. Good thing that the entire BV fire department was on standby incase anything got too terrible, and now tonight is time to Wax the wolveriens(sp?)
There is only one thing that could have made a week where On Monday I went to Norther Canada and back in the matter of about 7 hours, ecologicly of corse, On Tuesday there were Hobos that took over the school, Wednesday was filled with Wester Folk around the school, Thursday the volleyball team won, the school let some people bash in a car, there was a bonfire and an awesome pep rally, Friday the Football team overcame the odds and beat the team that is predicted to take State for 3A Colorado schools nothing and the good time continues tomorrow when I climb Sleeping Indian(Midland Hill for well probably all of you) and a dance tomorrow night that I am super stoked about eventho i get to go alone.
"Marching band competition at KU today. First of the year. Can't wait.

Last Friday, we were out on our field practicing, and some of the kids in gym class were running the track. One decided to interrupt the show to talk to a percussionist. Here's what happened from what I gathered:

Annoying Kid: Hey [percussionist]!
Percussionist: [ignores him]
Annoying Kid: HEY [PERCUSSIONIST]!
Band Director: Please don't interrupt our show. Please get off the field.
Annoying Kid: It's band, who gives a ****?
Band Director: [at this point he turned off the microphone he uses because he didn't want us to hear him ""drop F-bombs all over the field""]
Gym Teacher: [to annoying kid] These band members work harder everyday than you will ever in your entire life.

I think the kid got sent to the office or something. It's a good thing most of the band members didn't catch who it was or else he would have gotten shoved into multiple lockers. And our band's new rallying cry is ""WE GIVE A ****!"" Minus the ****, of course."
Hmm..."it's band who give a ****?", well tell me good sir, what would football games be like without marching band...
Most important thing to know in marching band: when to stop marching.
"This is the latest footage from Illinois, where a school experiment went horribly wrong.
XD"
Naps, now how did you know i took a video of wat happened and uploaded it?
"I searched ""Illinois high school trebuchet"" and it came up!
Serious!"
"And now, for a mini rant by yours truly.

Conversation between me, and a sophomore on sci oly:


Sophomore chick: Hey, i heard you got a scan of the rules.

Me: Ya, me, Sanket and Rio have been working on (8 events).

Sophomore chick: You know it's illegal to work on your events till you get the rules from coach right?

Me: Wait what?....i've been working on Helicopter since before school started...as well as for towers. And you do realize that some teams get their rules 1st week of September, and work on their stuff year round?

Sophomore chick: Well you know what, some of us don't have enough time to work as much as you do. And that's like working behind our backs, which is really mean (i have no clue what she meant by that, maybe a reference to back stabbing?).

Me: Hmm, right, cause a varsity sport and 5 other clubs on top of a Junior level course load results in a LOT of time for me, right?

Sophomore chick: Well, you know what Likith, i forgot algebra and geometry over the summer so now i suck at math.

Me: Wait, wat does that even have to do with wat u were just saying....

Sophomore chick: All im saying is, dont be so cocky that you'll get the events you want, just because your smarter and work on them more other people doesn't mean you deserve them - sci oly isn't just about winning. And stop being a pessimist and saying we won't make it to nationals.

Me: All right im done with this conversation, first of all i said we can only make it to nationals if we improve our work ethic, which i would consider realism, second, what the **** else should i be doing in the hopes that i'll get the events i want, sucking up to the coach and stalking upperclassmen who i don't even know but think are my friends just because they were my sister's friends?

End of conversation

Don't i have the most wonderful teammates?"
"the fail moment of the day award goes to me because I forgot 3 times which hallway in the school my locker was down, the sad thing is that my school only has three halls.

Yay for using bad grammer in that sentance on purpose."
"GRAMMAR!

/me shoots sweetcoop

EDIT: lllazar, that teammate sounds wonderful. Send her to one of my rival high schools, will you?"
/me strangles zyzzyva98 with a chain of machine gun bullets, grabs the bullet and puts it back to the barrel chamber.
"NICE. Band FTW

What's your show about? And does your band go to BOA???

*ties EpicFailOlympian to a chair so he can't do any of ^that^*"
Our show is "An American Love Story". Our drum majors go to BOA, or went or something like that.
So your band doesnt? :/
"So i was watching my friend prank call someone bout some *** tapes
later on in the day i prank called him and said sir, i didnot buy those. thank you and bye."
I felt it was time for a change in avatar
No, winneratlife, it's too far and we're low budget.
i approve
"I approve too.
Watson: ""What kind of angles are those?""
Sherlock: ""Supplementary, my dear Watson."""
"I wanted to:
A: Meet you, since I never will at nationals.
B: Laugh at how my band is better than yours

Well...I'm trapped at home since my parents refused to let me to go the girl's football game event even though I did all my hw before rehearsal so I could"
Haha, yes, I'd be fine with A, but I'm afraid you're dreaming when it comes to B.
"*rage*

Our show has like...80 charts this year. Owned?

I'd say if we step it up, we have a shot at semis; if we really focus and lock in, a shot at finals (I'm talking BOA)"
Hooray for low-budget schools!
Best pick up line ever: I wish i was your derivative so i could lay tangent to your curve
i just made broccoli muffins. be jealous.
The snow, It is coming. Wow I find it awesome that I awoke this moring and saw snow on Mt. Princeton, and it is only October 7th. Yay!!!!!!!!!!!1
Greetings from Stow Vermont!
hi I'm paleonaps's sister!!!
Oh no.... you didn't really.... oh God.....
BAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA! First time I've posted in how long? Just because paleonaps has a sister. (gets over initial shock) Well, rere, welcome to the forum anything stupid, funny, weird your brother has done, you are welcome to share. This is hilarious, I have two older brothers and I wouldn't even do this!
Why have you been so inactive lately?
"Lets see, I have abandoned the forum FOR NOW, and have retreated to the IRC where I am known as Olivia, Liv, Livya and various nick names. However,I still keep an eye out on the forum, sometimes even editing the wiki! Also, science olympiad season has barely even started for me unless looking over your notes every weekend counts. And I'm kinda playing sports and doing other after school activities, and don't have the time to post.


However, it seems I should start getting into the jiff of things and start checking out Dynamic Planet, Ecology, and whatever else I have thrown at me."
"Well I'm back and so are my stars. thank you admins!

cross country rocks!
(fastest 5k was 20:02)"
"NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!


I mean..... (crying) welcome back....(sniffles)"
"haha...
i am not really amused..."
Okay so we have you, paleonaps and his sister, sounds like a good time to say goodbye
"Such modesty.

Well, I'm glad you've decided to use more proper grammar than before. Maybe other people can start taking you seriously."
Welcome back 49ers.
SHUUNNNNSHUNNNNNN
"May I politely ask why you think it is such a bad thing that I am back?
thanks soobsession and EAST"
"Oh s***

You don't by any chance like... er... raptors... do you? (say no)

But welcome to the forums, I guess."
I will let you answer that question.
You were banned?
East, you read my mind :3
"No, she doesn't. She's not much like me at all.
I find it funny that at the time I'm writing this, I am watching Jurassic Park.
Why was 49ers banned?"
"O **** *****.

It's your sister Naps....wow."
Why am i up this late? Because i'm addicted to geometry...i think this is why i can't get to sleep.
I'm away at Vermont!!!
I think they already knew this.
Naps, your sister she's gonna become my best friend. [awkward silence] Soooooo, umm yeah.
"49ers was banned in the middle of summer '09 for being a spammer, though he was let back in after a few months and a promise to stop (which he did).

But I am confused, were you banned a second time 49ers?"
"Last year the planner my school gave me had a Yoda quote in it
Yoda ftw."
Why am I so active? BLERGH
Hello everyone. For all who don't recognize my username, I'm the one original creator of the idea behind the "Virtual Game". My friend Paleonaps95 says that there has been some serious negative sentiment towards me. I believe this is a totally baseless claim, but if there is some scioly beef with me, I'd rather it be in plain sight. Can someone explain this strange interperetation to me? Paleonaps seems to think that the bemused responses to my extremely complex forum game are in some way spiteful or mean-spirited. Would someone clarify this up for me?
Oh, no, it's nothing against you Jastrub. The game just seems too complex for anyone to really put the time into it, especially with school and such. It's nothing personal.
"Well, you see, your game idea is awesome. For a video game. But a word-based posting game? WAY to complicated. Here in Scioly.org, we take our posting games seriously, and the idea just doesn't seem to fly with everyone.

That and the fact that some of us here think it's funny that you made your own forum for this crazy-complex game.
also, you're associated with paleo... who has high comedic value among us"
"I'm sorry but did you just say ""scioly beef with me""? Bahahahahahaha.

Yeah, and Z knows what he's talking about, we have nothing wrong with your game"
"We generally look at posting games as being a privilege for dedicated and contributing members, both those that play and even more so those that host them. I do not mean to offend you when I say that you are not seen as a dedicated or contributing member (and that's not to say that you couldn't become one, but its just the fact you have 2 or 3 posts).

..and these are just my thoughts, the idea of a virtual forum game like this isn't anything specifically *new* so calling yourself creator, its rather strange"
"Well, he is the creator of the game. I was bored and decided I would adapt it for the forum.
Also, i imagined to be an RPG, not a clue-based game. That's just not as fun in my opinion. But the host has the right to make it how they want, even though robodude and zyzzyva98 have taken it over. I saw that BTW, robo.
On a different note, today I went to the Southern Vermont Natural History museum. It is small, but had live raptors (read: not the kind I'm usually associated with), including a Kestrel that kept charging the window, grabbing the mesh and staring at me. It was quite awesome."
Does your school have off this week or something? I'd love to be in Vermont right now.
"I just got home, since today was Columbus day.
It was Friggin freezing."
I was talking about it as originally intended, as an RPG. I took a brief look at his forum and it seems an incredible amount like the civilization series.
I'm proud of our school district. (for once). We don't have Columbus Day off. Columbus was so immature, anyway. Instead we get a professional day off this Friday.
"My school also didn't have Columbus day off but that is because we already had a three day weekend this past weekend due to a comp day.

“There are three things in life that people like to stare at: a flowing stream, a crackling fire and a Zamboni clearing the ice.”-Charlie Brown
A quote from the best cartoon ever made, and Charlie Brown was one of my nicknames."
It is. But it's good for people (like me) who don't want to spend money on the real game, but want a similar game.
Sorry about double-posting, but I changed my avatar.
As did I.
Is that your original avatar?
Yes.
I got back from Vermont last night!!
Yay changed my avatar for only the second time since I have joined.
sweetcoop, hasn't your avatar always been the same? Or have I been seriously oblivious for the last week/month/year?
You've been obvious. I don't remember exactly what the other one was, but it had a white background.
The one I currently have was actually my origional avatar but right after I bought my PS3 and started playing Final Fantasy VIII I changed it and It had a white background that said Final Fantasy VIII on it. Now I am back to playing Zelda games so my avatar is now the Triforce again.
"lol. most people don't recognize my avatar, though not without reason XP
it's so low quality... I can't make it better or it's too big."
"Oh, now I remember...please excuse my inability to remember anything.

Anyways, was today ""Hug an Asian Day"" at anybody else's school or was it just mine?"
How can you not know what it is? I though we were NERDS!
Now, not knowing mine makes more sense
It looks like a fancy bionical...
not knowing mine is just sad
Probably mine, but I was out sick today.
"Marching Festivals are fun (see: GRAND CHAMPIONSHIP!)

What's not fun is staying up to nearly midnight and taking the PSAT the day afterward on less than 6 hours of sleep."
"- virtual nerdy high five -
no, wait... vulcan salute!"
My school really can't do anything like that because of the fact that we only have one Asian in my entire school and he is a foregin exchange student from China.
"gasp

our school is officially 12% asian (out of 3200)

Our Hug an asian day passed a few weeks ago"
Wow I got hugged today more than I get hugs in a regular YEAR
Lol it's Naperville Central, might as well be Asian Central
"-nod nod-
but i think north has even more azns if that's possible. I think the only schools with more are those actually in asia"
You have to understand that I live in a town that is mostly white christians and has a population of about 2500, so my school only has 300 students; an asian in the school that is not an exchange student would be rare.
Same here (although our "Hug an Asian Day" was yesterday)...I think I got hugged at least 10 times...I stopped counting after a while. I find it funny is that our SO team is definitely over 50%, probably over 70%, Asian when the whole school is about 3-4% Asian.
National Hug a Field Hockey Player was today, 71 hugs and counting! :3
Crazy hair day!!! that was today and I spray painted my hair blue and red!!
On Troy's (Cali) 2008 team....there were about 90% asians. I think 6 were orangish haired Japanese guys.
That is awesome.
That my friend, is insane.
This thread needs more random
Here I am.
"My roommate come barging into my room this morning at 6, and screams this:

Im not sure what to think."
Maybe he had too much lasagna last night?
No, he didn't have any last night. Maybe he should have?
"Lasagna solves for everything. I think you're right.

EDIT: First debate tournament this weekend . Two rounds today and three tomorrow. Can't wait to get started."
I sucked at debates when we did them in my English (which was more like everything but) class. But my team always did win. I'm just not intimidating enough as a cross-examiner.
Our football team is ready to epically pwn at homecoming tonight.
Yeah you should be glad that you are not in a high school in Colorado in the 3A Mountian League playing my High School's football team. This year we have won three homecomming games, inculding our own.
"Be glad.

I think we lost... 45-7.

Oh, and I changed my siggy"
Won our first game, weewwweewewewewewewt, lol we kinda suck a lot.
My school has lost their Homecoming football games for (at least) two years in a row.
"I have a history of dressing up in ridiculous outfits for Halloween. Two years ago, my dad convinced me to let him make me an Iron Man suit out of sheet metal. It was uncomfortable, but everyone loved it.
Last year I was Austin Powers. Everyone loved it. I got a lot of ""Do I make you randy?"" s from people, and everyone I saw got a huge smile of their face.
This year I am doing the ultimate- I am going to be Raptor Jesus. Surprise surprise.
I just got my mask in the mail, and it is epic."
"Nowhere close, paleonaps.
Here's how I went:
1st grade: The wheel of fortune (Yes, the game show)
2nd grade: A rook (chess piece)
3rd grade: A Jolly Rancher (candy)
4th grade: Schroeder from the Peanuts comic strip (complete with piano)
5th grade: Glass of Coca-Cola with ice cubes
6th grade: A donut (chocolate with sprinkles)"
Last year i was Waldo from wheres waldo, and my awesome teacher let me have a free period to just randomly pop up in classrooms.
"Awesome. I'm going to buy the personal soundtrack t-shirt, and download raptor sounds to it. I want to see if I can go a day by only making guttural screeches.
And my parents Okayed me to take pix, so I will be uploading them to show you all."
Had a great time at my first debate tournament today. One of the teams we went up against in the last round... well, I just had a fun 2AR. They brought up an argument- in the rebuttals, a big no-no first of all- that said since our plan wasn't based on hegemony and hard power, which they called the theme of debate this year, all of our evidence was completely irrelevant. In addition, they didn't bring up any evidence against our North Korea nuke war argument, which was one of the fundamental parts of our plan. Then they said that since we had evidence on both sides of the argument, we could also claim to win the same argument when we debated on the negative side. Correct me if I'm wrong, I thought that was the point of having such evidence. Quite entertaining, and I get to do three more rounds tomorrow.
that is not suprising at all that my high school football team has yet again won our game. yay we are now 6-1. What is better was we won our homecoming game that we were predicted to lose.
What competitions does your school go to? IL's debate league, ICDA, is the largest in the nation, and there was a tournament today.
wait wait don't tell me is an awesome radio show
If anyone's a Star Trek TNG fan, play my sporcle quiz here.
Cats don't like being thrown up in the air. SuperCat is something from your imagination.
We go to the Kansas ones... (obviously?) Blue Valleys, Olathes, etc. Not that it's likely you know what those are. Turns out we went 1-4 with a bye. Yikes. Really need to work on my constructives, my rebuttals are good but the 2nd constructive is where I fail.
"aw, why TNG? TOS is better
nah, jk. TNG sounds better than all the other ones (voyager/enterprise/ds9, which don't make any sense).

...but TOS had deforest kelley (no one needs shatner and nimoy)!
5asdffdsa5 wrote:
wait wait don't tell me is an awesome radio show
trufax. we listen to that and the prairie home companion in the car."
"Yay the weekend is half over.

Wait why does that excite me."
"You're wrong about several things here. First, TNG is by far the best series. TOS is a close second. But Nimoy is pure awesomeness, and Spock is the best character in the entire franchise. Nobody needs doctors.

Edit: Changed my avatar again."
Seriously why does anyone ever have to be hidden on this website?
Don't be hating on voyager.
Voyager probably had the best theme song, but TNG was all-around the best, IMHO.
Because it is fun to be able to pop up and post when you think no one is expecting you
So, you're basically playing, "peek-a-boo"?
"No, TNG had the best theme song too. The Voyager theme is nice, but TNG was a classic. And I never really understood the logic behind TOS's theme.
trajectoryroxs wrote:
Seriously why does anyone ever have to be hidden on this website?
Because we can.

Actually, the main reason I'm hidden is so I won't show up on any of gh's graphs."
Once while I was at Worlds of Fun I heard TNG's theme played at half the tempo, that sort of put me off of it. As for TOS... well, it was the 60s.

lol.
"What is the GHOST command?
but lol."
Uh, that was YOU who got ghosted.
This situation gets more and more funny XD
Paleonaps was on chat?
Hey paleonaps, how did you change your username?
i hate US History. and the letter F.
a star trek poll? it was bound to happen
"Yes I went on chat. I used the GHOST command?

I pm'ed DS, and he changed it before I even knew what happened.
If you mean on chat, enter /nick (your new name, without parentheses) and it will change."
Ugh...three tests in one day...NOT a fun Monday.
"...
Ghost

If someone is using your registered nick, or you have become disconnected but your client still is online, you can use the ghost command to disconnect the client.

Example: /msg nickserv ghost Brian BrianPassword"
Posting via a cellular device is very annoying.
Yay thanks to Google translate I have managed to start a conversation in spanish on one of my friend's facebook statuses.
Pfft, Spanish is nothing. I once had a complete conversation in ATBASH.
Yay! Google translate now has Latin!
Horray for finding another "spam" avatar...
Well she, yes I said she, started it by posting her status is spanish.
HOla como estas muy bien adios
I'm now officially in Ornithology. This might not go well.
"Bene! Tempus erat additum latin

wow... the grammer is bad, the sentence above was just a test. It does poorly when translating latin to english, especially with verbs, but it does more than I expected (like declining words)"
So today I descovered today the easiest way to almost split my Ecology class up by sex. You just have to line us up from tallest to smallest and split the class down the middle, the kids on the tall side were all male and on the short side there were only three males. I thought that this was funny.
"I love my sister's facebook status today:

And I'm pretty sure all of that has happened in the past year alone- maybe in the past half year. I love suburban Kansas. (Note: I've lived here all my life- not sure when the police chase happened, but I know the murder and shooting were in the past three months."
You'll be fine.
This thread is now officially more than 5/8 of the way to 10000 posts.
i just got my braces out... and my retainers in. now i sound ridiculous when i talk
We got food today in English class...which has now made it my favorite class.
Yeah this is actually an awesome quote.
"i love getting food in class
it makes me feel all warm and fuzzy inside...
and not hungry for a while"
Happy National Mod Appreciation Day guys!
Today I had someone poke me, why? Because they said I didn't answer their poke on FaceBook, it was my mom.
I woke up this morning at 5, utterly convinced it was a school day, and it took me about 10 minutes before I realized it was Sunday. Sometimes I really do hate my life.
What the butterfly, well I guess that for the umteenth year I will be having a white Halloween.
Someone set off a firecracker on the bus on the way home from school today. It wasn't my bus. Bus radios are fun to listen to, though.
My littlest sister has headlice. Thanks to general paranoia about these little insect, my head is now covered in EVOO.
whoa, only Rachael Ray can say that.
Hey, sorry if I was coming on a bit too strong today... I've just been having one of those days (see: Mondays). I'm sorry if I've been a bit harsh to people today, but I've realized how much the idiot population has been growing and they're making me angry (not you guys).
Check out my new sig!
/me waits for Z to come to hatchet Bubba1960.
As a follower of Rachel Rayism, I bow down to the comment above.
Oh, I am. He needs to remove that from his sig. This is not a laughing matter. I made that statement on chat in an effort to lighten the mood, but it is not something that needs to be plastered around for the whole world to see. I retract my prior apology.
What happened Z? Or does this have to do with the...uhh...IRC issue?
zy said something in the chat he does not want going public.
Finally, our real SO event tryouts began ... though in reality, how you do on the tryouts has no, or very little bearing on what events you will get. In our team, it is shrouded in mystery as to how events are chosen
Yay best TaeKwon-Do class that I have had in a few years.
"I am very content with my four events, though i am slightly bummed about not getting DP...

Wind Power - looks awesome, gonna kill it
Fossils - 6th at state last year cause i couldn't for donkey poop differentiate between different modes of fossilization (yes, laugh), gonna kill it this year
Towers - been working on it since summer, so i hope we kill it
Helicopter - seems really competitive, but really looking forward to it.

Overall, i'm happy about not having to study for anything except fossils, and seeing as thats more of just making the binder, i can work on helping my teammates"
"holy crap
the challenge tapes tomorrow
im so nervous.."
Don't you just hate it when you end up in a Lose-Lose situation. It sucks when you have to try to make a decision on what to do.
"I have confirmed the stereotype that cheerleaders... aren't very smart.

Here's a sign on display in our 100 hall:
JONAS BROTHERS
DONT DO DRUGS
WHY SHOULD U

*facepalm*
Let me ask you, how many high schoolers do you think really like the Jonas Brothers (sans cheerleaders) and how many of those would you think do drugs? And how many people will start doing drugs because they don't want to be like the Jonas Brothers?"

"woah... how do you embed video?

on that note, who has their e-mail blocked on school computers? Ours do, and it is of tremendous inconvenience. And then, to top it all off, our school also blocks all proxy servers so that you can't get in through a different address."
"Very simple to do, its just:
[embed] URL [/embed]"
On our school network, gmail/facebook/etc. isn't blocked, they just have a program called Aristotle that sends an email to your teacher telling them "[name] has been on [website]" or something of the sort. Also, Aristotle tends to do this with tons of legitimate sites as well, which is really annoying, especially when trying to search for images. And, if you forget to log off your account (since we all have individual logins) and someone else types swear words or goes on banned sites, you get blamed for it.
"That is almost worse somehow... Which teacher would they send it to?
See, our school's filter classifies even harmless sites as ""explicit material"" sometimes, and labels them as things your teacher would NOT want to hear you seeing, and they won't even allow yahoo answers, which does get in the way sometimes."
When I was in high school, they blocked the actual webmail sites but not the mail servers. So you could run Thunderbird off a flash drive.
things have changed... when I was in elementary school, I accessed my email from school almost everyday, to get some file or the other
"Wow random! I didn't know that you could embed stuff.... I know that it was mentioned in some thread or another, but I never knew it actually got added!

Anyways, our schools are really strict about blocking stuff, even pictures. I was looking for pictures yesterday for my Solar System notes, and all I kept fining were these ""Image Blocked"" messages. The problem is that if an image is on a blocked website, the image is blocked as well, even if it's not bad. So I can find stuff just find on Google Images, but when I try to copy+paste, I find that it's actually blocked.

I don't know how Scioly.org hasn't been blocked yet, but I hope it never is"
yep, our school used to block google images, but everyone was getting in through various proxies easily available online, so they decided it was futile and unblocked it, but it will still block a whole image is the site is blocked
Choosing events is like playing a game of Sudoku...
"we somehow won our round of the challenge
i think it was 375-285. we were four questions from the knicks box seats package.
i cant believe we actually won!!"
"I just lost the game
Scholastic scrimmage is starting up.
Science o is starting up tuesday."
"Yay now I am uber happy.

On a side note with my A.P. Calc class it is not a good thing when we get really tired because you end up with a comment like, ""This is deriving me crazy."" Funny thing is that was said while the teacher was showing us that the derivative of Secant was not repeating."
"On Monday, several local radio stations will begin playing Christmas music. (Fine, holiday, to avoid religious controversy)

Who thinks this is too early?"
"It's not even Thanksgiving yet, why are they playing holiday/Christmas music?
sweetcoop wrote:
On a side note with my A.P. Calc class it is not a good thing when we get really tired because you end up with a comment like, ""This is deriving me crazy."" Funny thing is that was said while the teacher was showing us that the derivative of Secant was not repeating.
Haha, my Precalc teacher says that all tests and quizzes are optional and if you choose not to take them, he'll give you one bonus point. So you'll end up with a 1 out of 50."
November 1st is now apparently the day to start playing it around here. It's awful. You should not be playing it until at least after Thanksgiving, probably not until Advent starts.
Wow that's kinda early o.O Holiday music (Christmas music) makes me feel better but this early....kinda ruins it for me
My ecology class today gave me a sudden craving for Olathe Sweet Corn and Rockford Watermelon, thankfully both grown in beautiful Colorado.
"Well, I'm going to have a busy weekend. Football game tomorrow, then debate tournament early Saturday. Won't be on here until late Saturday. (That's probably a good thing, though)

EDIT: Olathe, sweetcoop?"
"Olathe, Colorado. It is a small town that is 3A in sports. Most well know for their sweet corn and the Olathe Sweet Corn Festival.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Olathe,_Colorado Wikipedia on the town"
"hey i'm doing sudoku right now!
but i hate aving to select less events. It means i can't do all 23"
"Guess who just got their username changed...
Since people have been referring to me as brobo so much even on the forums, I figured a total change was in order.
robodude is no more! I am now brobo!"
"I want name change! *cries*


edit: I'm the co-captain for Science Olympiad... lolwut?"
So I am the only capting of my schools Sci Oly team.
Oh coolio. There are two co-captains and there is the "captain" who is our coach.
Final home football game of this year for my high school. Only two games left in the season with us right not at 7-1 but yet the game tonight is the game that will decide whether or not we end 9-1 or 8-2. Yeah I am that cocky about how good my schools team is but our final game is against a team that sucks. What is better is if we win tonight we secure a spot in Colorado's 2A state championship tourney this season.
Xbox live addictions are sad...as are addictions to WoW and Maplestory and such...i personally haven't had to deal with such mishaps but im worried about my children (as creepy as that sounds, it's a genuine sentiment), who will probably be growing up in an even more wired society...
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
NOOO BROBO. WHYYYYY.
Although I really did like the 52, bah has been very nice and has allowed me to take the 52 off so that no one will accidentally register the same name again.
Just because we you don't have the 52 anymore doesn't mean that we can't still refer to you as "RandomPerson52"
Why did you have bah change yours? Just asking.
Geez guys, I'm gone two days and there have been two username changes. I'm glad I wasn't gone an entire week!
Three: brobo, quizbowl, and RandomPerson.
"Guess who's becoming cavsfan...











Just kidding, I wouldn't really."
JUST realized that my name finally got changed.
Seriously? STOP CHANGING USERNAMES...
So confused. Lose-Lose situations really suck!!!!!!!!
Because another user already registered as "randomperson" so I don't want my nick accidentally stolen again.
But I mean why Bah? DS did mine.
Does it matter? They're both site admins.
Bah happened to be active that day in question.
"Henry is a pretty cool dude.

Join the chat right now!"
"<paleonaps> Someone teach me how to ghost him.
<reedo> eww
<brobo> type in
<Liv> You call the ghostbusters duh
<Velociraptor> no betraying brobo
<brobo> /call ghostbusters
<Velociraptor>
<brobo> then they will come and get rid of the ghost
<Velociraptor> its //alt f4 Velociraptor
<Velociraptor> except
<zyzzyva98> WHO YA GONNA CALL?
<Velociraptor> you press alt and f4
* paleonaps has quit (NickServ (GHOST command used by Henry))
<Henry> whoops
<Velociraptor> 0.0
<brobo> LOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOL
<zyzzyva98> XD
<Henry> didn't think that was still registered
<Velociraptor> LOLOLOLOL
<zyzzyva98> Are you kidding me?
<ichaelm> hahahaha
<robotman> llololololololol
<zyzzyva98> XD
<Velociraptor> you registered his actual name?!!!
* paleonaps (~paleonaps@Chat4all-6D001346.dyn.optonline.net) has joined #scioly
<brobo> AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
<zyzzyva98> >_>
<zyzzyva98> <_<
<Velociraptor> XD
<zyzzyva98> WOW
<zyzzyva98> WOW
* Henry is now known as fmtiger124
<zyzzyva98> WOW
<paleonaps> Really immature.
* brobo is actually laughing
<fmtiger124> sorry about that naps
<robotman> lold
<robotman> *lols
<Liv> YES
<Liv> YES
<fmtiger124> i didn't think that ws still registered
* brobo gives fmtiger124 the WIN of the day award
<Velociraptor> I was going to let raptorjesus expire
<Velociraptor> but since you're insisting on using velociraptor
<Velociraptor> which is annoying
<Velociraptor> I may keep it
<brobo> someon post this to YDRC...
* fmtiger124 is now known as Henry
<Henry> i have a pair of pastebins to post it seems
<paleonaps> WHAT IS GOING ON!?
<Henry> im so tempted to ghost you again lol
<Velociraptor> fmtiger used the awesomeness that is alt f4
<brobo> You were made to look like a fool, paleonaps
<Velociraptor> it grants you three wishes'
<robotman> henry just make sure it isnt the one from last might
<Velociraptor> then gives you 5 more
<Henry> i wasn't around last night
<Velociraptor> yes
<robotman> and on facebook it pulls up a random movie
<zyzzyva98> I'm glad you guys weren't this mean when I joined the chat community
<Henry> idk if ill pastebin this
<Velociraptor> we had interesting discussions last night
<Henry> someone else can if they want
<robotman> zyzzyva98, we where
<reedo> hjgf
<Henry> i should post the one from earlier today though
<Henry> lol
<brobo> I will..."
http://scioly.pastebin.com/TRib4du7
my random comment...I broke the glass in the door to our Science Olympiad room. I also caused the largest glass shattering in the school since, like, forever.
"I have decided to learn how to play the ukulele, by myself. It will be my first instrument, wish me best of luck for if it is fruitful i will attempt to learn violin.

Sigh..."
"*sigh*

The number of posting games popping up now is getting ridiculous, almost beyond belief. And so, I am resigning for the Posting Games section except for YDRC."
Luckily most of them require almost no time- and the time that you do spend playing is in little bursts, so all in all, each one only takes a few minutes per day. The assassination games only require thought when a new clue goes up, TAR is only active on the weekends, and the little games popping up here and there (such as the new Scotland Yard or The White Room) are usually short lived, so really it's not too unreasonable.
Happy Reformation Day!
"Join the chat, guys! Just click either AJAX or Java chat at the top near FAQ, Search and/or Members!

Happy Chatting!"
"Hey zz, newest member is ""frenchhornlove""

Win? I think yes."
I think yes too.
"I am enjoying my window!
(""and that's what you get. you get my ax of capitalism, right in the face. Hmmm... As a Communist he should have either dissapeared or turned into a giant squid. Well, what did you find in his wallet?
I found a temple recommendss card.
Oh holy crap he's not a communist, he's a Mormon! That would explain his need to make everything so safe... and well dressed"" The Cloak)"
Oh man. You do thoroughly enjoy that. But just remember, I'm the battleship.
Join now!
Math HW, brainstorming/graphic organizer, study for an AC quiz, and I have to write a HUGE science essay (assigned today, due tomorrow). Why do I always have so much homework on Tuesdays?
I have the rest of the week off for parent-teacher conferences.
O_O
Lemme get this straight... you want us to join chat at 9:45 in the morning on a TUESDAY when we are IN SCHOOL? Seriously?
how does chat actually work?
You type something in, press enter, and everybody in chat can read what you just typed. Sort of like here except you don't hit enter instead of submit, you don't have to refresh, and it updates much more frequently.
you follow the link and you get to talk to cool people like me and starpug and anyone else who is on
yes, but when you go on, it shows all those people active, but no one says anything
Well, you were only on for two minutes (abc, right?)
And you can all eavesdrop on our <insert word for gender>-ually frustrated depressing nerd stories
If nobody's saying anything, nobody's saying anything. Sometimes people are in the middle of a huge discussion, and sometimes not. Usually it helps if you say 'hi'.
lol, you guessed fast, but yes, i was just looking around
"You guys discuss that? Legit?

Wow, I'm unlucky. Whenever I go on, everyone's idle. Ikillchats."
XD not really. Or well, I was mostly joking. We have moved that section of the chat to another channel to spare others.
also the later you come on (before 9:30 most weekdays) the higher the likely hood of a good discussion
Luckily for new chatters, we no longer have the terrible channel wars XD.
What have I done. Mabey motivating people is something I should avoid. Well hopefully the end of the semister comes really fast.
Is in the design phase of building a FAKAng! Floating axle king arthur....my goal at this point for senior year is to beat the treb launch record at my school. Now that i something i'd never forget.
That's not how you tortured me is it?
"Nope you would know when you where in the middle of a channel war

and yea they where a bit fun >.>"
butterfly life. Well at least next August I get out of this stupid little town, and I can still find a reason to smile through my newfound depression.
Is this not the most EPIC thing you have ever heard?
Wow sweetcoop, what's up?
You seem annoyed.
"You will too, Paleonaps, when you realize that not only are there conflicts in ornithology, but in ecology and dynamic planet if you are on team 1-18
http://www.newyorkscioly.org/SOPages/St ... duleC.html"
"GEJ;GBH
POgjw[lovn'fnh'srJGLVFKADBSOFIG;WSlodjghlWNHG'[
O¡46▬6201æ!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
This is not the slap the keyboard thread.
This is why new york needs to adopt the National Schedule. Yes, there will be conflicts, but everyone will know about them beforehand, and the team number wont influence your placement.
I'm sorry, I'm a little upset.
Don't worry about it- I'm a bit upset as well. Today I learned that the tournament we're going to on the 13th is actually running 21 events instead of 12, including two I'm totally not prepared for. I guess I'll be very busy with Remote Sensing and SoM for quite awhile.
Yeah, I don't know why tournaments usually run ornith and fossils at the same time, because most people who do one also do the other.
"I'm planning a very strongly worded letter as we speak.
In other news, after 39 months, I finally got my braces off!
Monocle smile!"
Shall we collaborate a letter to the State Coordinator?
I'll pm you.
State Coordinator? I'm assuming that each state has it's own coordinator. So you two must be in the same state. Do you guys know eachother in person?
No, we don't.
We do over the waves.
"Well a quick recap with out any of the long stories my life in general just sucks
Saturday: I got one of my best friends pigeon of at me over someting really childish
Sunday: I managed to drop and break my laptop
Monday: I droped and broke my phone
Tuesday: I just felt like the biggest butterfly in the world
Today: I found out there is a chance that my mom may not have a job next year.

The only good news that I have gotten is that there is no Calc test for me on Friday cause I origionall had a Calc test and a Physics test on Friday and I have those two classes one right after the other and right after lunch."
Hang in there sweetcoop...and i had a Physics, Trig, AP Chem, and Anatomy test on the same day once..
Yeah it seems that there is some luck for me. I just now found a deer antler in my yard. Yayz. And yet there is still one person in this world that makes me smile and it happens to be one of my friends.
Really sorry you've had a bad week... like lllazar said, hang in there! Things like this have a way of turning out right!
I agree with all the people before me, and- it's only a chance. It doesn't necessarily mean your mom will be job-less. The current economy sucks
Just got home from playing at a concert (which sounded awesome, by the way). Now comes all the holiday music. Great.
"Our winter music is going to be awesome. I love it. If you have good holiday music, you can't help but like it. Full orchestral arrangement of ""Carol of the Bells"" (Or ""Ukranian Bell Carol"", w/e)- you will be addicted.

Oh, and Mark Wood is coming to our school. I can't wait for that."
"Know how you felt. Was like that a couple weeks ago.

Then I changed my attitude.

New attitude: ""Life lasts for eighty years. If you're sad, you're wasting it. So butterfly school, butterfly work. I don't care anymore. I'm here to live it."""
What is it with the butterflies these days?
http://www.scioly.org/phpBB3/viewtopic.php?f=25&t=1460
I think 'butterfly' is turning into a curse word itself.
chalupas?
As of now, there are 13337 members on scioly. The day has finally come. LEEET.
"http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_7jpz_55EdM

This is actually really funny. Especially the ending."
lol i was just bored and decided to come ack on the forums....HIYA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Yay got a new phone yesterday, to bad I need to wait for my mom to activate it.
Oh hey, look who it is. Long time no see.
Hey everybody! Just thought I'd put a plug here for a new game I'm starting. It's called Studio Wizardry. You get to manage a record label and sign artists, book gigs, record albums and pedal your premium bands to fame, fortune and immortality! Check it out, if you want. There are still 5 open spots left!
You're going to be a great game designer someday, Jastrub. But this just isn't the right medium for this type of game. If you want more clarity as to why I feel this way, I'll be happy to PM you.
"I'd actually appreciate that, Z. I don't know why everyone on here is so uptight! Why don't you guys just try the game. It's not the end of the world if it crashes and burns! I came on here expecting to find a fun online community that would be willing to have some fun. Instead, I run into a bunch of uptight mods who keep discouraging me for this or that reason. It really baffles me why nobody just gives it a go. I talked with Paleonaps earlier today about this and it really does seem like Scioly needs to lighten up a little and become more recreational and not so obsessed with little arbitrary rules and protocols.

Sorry if I offended anybody, but this is just how I'm feeling right now"
"I'd actually appreciate that, Z. I don't know why everyone on here is so uptight! Why don't you guys just try the game. It's not the end of the world if it crashes and burns! I came on here expecting to find a fun online community that would be willing to have some fun. Instead, I run into a bunch of uptight mods who keep discouraging me for this or that reason. It really baffles me why nobody just gives it a go. I talked with Paleonaps earlier today about this and it really does seem like Scioly needs to lighten up a little and become more recreational and not so obsessed with little arbitrary rules and protocols.

Sorry if I offended anybody, but this is just how I'm feeling right now"
"I'd actually appreciate that, Z. I don't know why everyone on here is so uptight! Why don't you guys just try the game. It's not the end of the world if it crashes and burns! I came on here expecting to find a fun online community that would be willing to have some fun. Instead, I run into a bunch of uptight mods who keep discouraging me for this or that reason. It really baffles me why nobody just gives it a go. I talked with Paleonaps earlier today about this and it really does seem like Scioly needs to lighten up a little and become more recreational and not so obsessed with little arbitrary rules and protocols.

Sorry if I offended anybody, but this is just how I'm feeling right now"
I would like to point out none of the people who have said they dislike the idea are mods
"Ditto

there are just too many games going on right now, we don't need a 4th

Also, why'd you post that three times?"
I believe I said that the people who are the most uptight are the mods, jastrub.
"I forgot to respond to that, I hope you're being sarcastic but:
That ""video"" I ""embedded"" is an animated image file."
Thats mean. I thought it wasn't loading because of my schools stupid blocking.
Lols
Has anybody noticed how about 10 - 15 new members join each day yet only about 300 or less are active on the forum?
"Yes, scioly.org is a very close community. We all love each other here.

Oh, and I made district honor band today. Penultimate chair, but my audition pretty much sucked, so I'm just glad to be in it."
Reese's cup, wow I have managed to agree to buy a freshman at my school a resses Monday for lunch, how did I manage that???
I applaud your use of the word penultimate.
agreed... not many people use fancy vocabulary in these times
"*sigh*

You're a horn player. Making a district band shouldn't be tough given the massive shortage of good horns out there. I've had directors send like 10 kids to tell me to join their extracurricular orchestra."
There were at least 50 auditioning, I think, and it seemed like half were drum majors *shrug*.
"Congrats Z!

In other news i got a 20/25 on the AMC 10!!! More importantly i've improved a lot over the last 6 months, which im happy with just because i like math - maybe when im a junior i can score high enough on the AIME to make USAMO.."
"NUB

I should have qualifed for USAJMO last year, but my math department had to be fool and not send in the AIME tests. FML

Also, you do realize that 20/25 on AMC 10 places you at around 17 on AMC 12, if that? Which I would estimate would give you a 5 on the AIME, which would give you a 152 USAMO index. Cutoff is normally 230+. You need an 80 point jump. Get to work.

EDIT: Z, I'd be surprised if we had 50 horns audition for all STATE honors band."
Yeah, well, my area basically makes up the entire population of the state.
teehee :3
I have to perform Sleigh Ride at least 6 times this year...4 times for school and twice for my other orchestra. And I'm playing Violin I for one orchestra and Violin II for the other, so I have to learn two different parts. I'm can tell that I'm going to hate this piece by the end of the holidays.
My friend is right. I have gotten past the difficult part.
so, is it just my time, or has Scioly not changed to DST
Nope for me it hasn't changed either.
You have to change it yourself. Go to the UCP, under "Board Settings", there should be a setting that says "Summer Time On", just uncheck that.
"""You lived at 8'000 feet! Isn't that like, where the atmosphere starts? I thought that was outer space?""

The exact reason that I HATE summer here because of the tourist. Other great questions.
""What elevation do deer turn into elk?""
""At what age do deer turn into elk?""
""What time of night to they turn the river off?""
""Do the waves come all the way in from the ocean?""-Asked about the water the Great Sand Dunes

I believe that these do classify as stupid questions. This is why i think tourist are really annoying."
Don't blame tourists, blame stupid people.
Why were they under the impression that they turn the river off?
if that's the song i'm thinking of, i had to perform that about 4 times last year. 3 times for thanksgiving luncheon and once for our visit to a vocational center. it kinda sucked. i hated the evil repeats/coda
They are one and the same.
"Yes and you really learn that when you have lived in a town where during the summer the main source on income is the tourist.


Brobo you do realize that you are from Texas, and I love to make fun of the Texans here during the summer. the best thing is to follow a big white van with Texas lisence plates untill it finds a deer, because all the Texans generally jump out of the car to take pictures of the deer.


On another note, I really want to know if I am in the middle of a dream because lunch today seems like a really good dream it just can't be real."
^WIN.
That's a bit stereotypical, isn't it? I mean, sure some tourists have stupid questions, but that doesn't mean that you should instantly assume that all tourists are THAT stupid. Also, all Texans don't find deer that amazing. I don't know why everyone always hates on Texans. Sure, we're not perfect, but no one is...
ahhh.... the start of researching Anatomy and Physiology...

"I find it funny how about 15 min can make up for the crappy week I had last week.

On a side note I discovered that using mobile web on my phone drains the battery faster."
Glad to here it! You seemed really upset last week... what happened this week to make up for it?
oh seaweed is fun seaweed is cool! ~that sting ray from Finding Nemo
"My money's on girls.

Probably asking a girl out. Or making up with his gf. Not much else can happen in 15 minutes that can salvage a bad week (I'd know )"
THIS CONVERSATION IS AWKWARD BOYS HAVE COOTIES.
Yeah... this conversation is nothing...
... you hurt my caps' feeling! SAY SORRY TO THEM NOW RANDY!
"/me throws caps lock at trajectoryroxs

There, now you don't have to worry about it."
"Brobo I posted basically all that made last week terrible with the addition that My school lost in Football to our rivals.

What made it better was the end of lunch where yes I had lunce with a beautiful girl at my school, not the same girl I have previously mentioned.

Now that is all I will say on that subject."
"Pshh, I eat lunch with a beautiful girl everyday.

In bad news: I'm up at midnight doing AP chem + APUSH + writing a To Kill a Mockingbird essay? My teachers must really hate me."
psh. To Kill a Mockingbird essay? I could do that in my sleep. Try doing a Ethan Frome essay okay? It will make you want to kill every character. And ever want to read again.
"Ok seriously, eating lunch with a beautiful girl? What is this middle school?

...ok i guess it is for some, but lets just get off this topic.

In other news, potato salad is just plain nasty."
"I don't get it. I just felt inclined to oneup sweetcoop (I'm not lying, but I didn't like the word choice)

And please explain why that is remotely related to middle school in any way.
trajectoryroxs wrote:
psh. To Kill a Mockingbird essay? I could do that in my sleep. Try doing a Ethan Frome essay okay? It will make you want to kill every character. And ever want to read again.
I might as well have been doing it in my sleep, I was so tired."
Ahh life is really wonderful, if only I didn't have AP Calculus and Physics back to back my life would be fantastic.
I've realized that half the time I don't respond to my real name, but I will almost always respond to "Hey, you!" or "Hey, Asian!"
"Yesterday at a veterans day parade I saw a first grader holding a sign that said ""keep and bear arms"" and a picture of a gun on it. I'm suddenly very worried about the next generation.

Southland tomorrow!"
"Dodgeball with middle schoolers, I thenk that is a load of fun.

In other news I need to decied on wheter to go to a jazz band concert or the school play tonight."
GOOD LUCK Z!!!! We have a Math Team meet and i'm PSYCHEEEDDDDDDD!!!!!!!!!!!
"Less than eleven hours left, and our SoM is finally starting to sound like music! Now, about the other events I have to work on...

Good luck at the math meet lllazar"
"good luck zyzzy!
(try and snag some practice tests for us XD)"
"ew math yucky.

/me goes back in time and slaps the creator of math with trouts, and quiz."
"Z, how was the remote test/astronomy test?
Can you scan either onto the exchange?"
"Well, I'm back, and ran my placement streak to 19 (though my medal streak came to an end). I placed 6th or above in all my events. . The Remote test, I believe, had some questions from the CyFalls test on the test exchange- glad I checked that one. Sadly, I can't snag you any practice tests- Remote was the only test taking event I had. SoM actually had a written test, but it was basically sound vocabulary and some basic stuff about sound waves.

EDIT: Didn't do Astronomy because they announced that it was running for the first time today, and besides that there were only four time slots."
"Well, could you scan it anyway? It might have new material/questions that could be helpful.
What did they ask, anyway?
Congrats by the way, how did your team do overall?"
"You know I would if I could. What did they ask about what?

We got second overall. Celeste's team got fourth overall, I believe. Congrats!"
"Gosh, Remote is a confusing event....I still have no idea what I'm doing XD
Congrats to Celeste, which team won?"
"Congrats Z!! I got 4th out of a 100 sophomores at Rose Hulman University, i felt so proud, i got like 30th last year....i was also the highest placement at this competition from my school ever, so i guess i could count as a notable alum

And Z, you are an absolute beast at scioly, props to you, too bad you couldn't get any practice tests, i will certainly have everyone on my team try to snag some at any invites we go to and regionals..."
Great job lllazar! I'll try to snag some tests from the Conestoga invitational in January
Congrats lllazar! EFO won't be happy, but Pembroke Hill took first (They are literally ten feet over the KS-MO state line in Missouri... good for me, bad for EFO) St. James got third (17 points back) but they were a split squad, so I'll expect them to dominate. The entire remote test was basically questions about imagery. The only reason we placed as high as we did was because we were observant enough to catch answers in other questions. Sad, I know, and it happened repeatedly, but I'm not complaining.
Illazar, where did you go for invites... we don't even have team rosters yet
"Y'know what's sad? I live in PA and have never gone (and most likely never will go) to Conestoga/Athens/Twin Tiers Invites, while teams from other states come to compete just so they can get in more practice competitions before participating in the competitions that actually count.

Congrats to zyzzyva and Celeste for doing well at Southland!"
You know my school honestly just began Sci Oly.
O no i went to a Math Competition with my Math Team, in Indianapolis...as for invites, your lucky u live north near chicago, ALL the invites are up there. Except maybe 1.
"Never heard of that competition...hmm, that's weird. I hear about most of them.
sweetcoop wrote:
Ahh life is really wonderful, if only I didn't have AP Calculus and Physics back to back my life would be fantastic.
Somebody's still in a good mood

In other news, we didn't make semis at BOA. But I did get to talk to hot girls from other bands"
I think you should get on chat, exchange info and have a nation wide sing along.
Thanks guys! Toothpick bridge for physics coming along very well!
"lulz was that directed at me?

Cuz funnily enough, my friends have started trying to hunt them down on facebook. Sad part is that I'm the only one who got their names, and after an almost-allnighter, I seem to have gotten amnesia and can't remember for my life."
hunting who down? and seriously directed to the whole forum get on chat so we can have a nation wide sing along.
"winneratlife wrote:
In other news, we didn't make semis at BOA. But I did get to talk to hot girls from other bands
Posted that above your comment, so logically...yeah"
cool awesome fantabulous.
"nobody loves me!
~Aaron Pappalardo"
"Tell us something we don't know

The Language Arts program I'm taking at my high school is really starting to pay off. I'm starting to understand what separates good literature and award-winning literature. This is really going to help my creative writing. I'm glad I joined."
"um..
The Utah Jazz had Stockton and Malone in the 1990's"
49ers, FAIL. What did we discuss about posting people's names? I hope the person in question knows about his public mentioning.
I quote him all the time, and whats wrong with using his name? He's not in SO
And if I used your name on a regular basis, would you be happy? It's security reasons, Njdbi.
Just got home from a 2 1/2 hour orchestra rehearsal. Not fun, especially when the conductor is constantly scolding the orchestra of high school students for not being able to learn almost-professional-level music in a month.
"In the end I will be asking myself; Was it worth it?
The answer will be yes for quite a while."
i would be perfectly fine with it, Sjsdfjks!
I once hugged Superman.
ADH!!!
That was akward...look a squirle!!!!!!
i am ready for a chess match aganst Sparta!!
The sad part is how little I edited that, seriously man, stop spamming
that is kinda the definition of spam right there
Yay for being such a bad influence. I mean that me, as a senior, took a freshman off campus for lunch, but freshmen are not allowed to go off campus. I fell so accomplished.
My teacher was wearing an XKCD tie today. I found my favorite class.
Wow I really think I should feel worse about really angering my friend, but I really don't.
"I am Superman. And no, I did not make that up just now.
sweetcoop wrote:
Yay for being such a bad influence. I mean that me, as a senior, took a freshman off campus for lunch, but freshmen are not allowed to go off campus. I fell so accomplished.
sweetcoop wrote:
Wow I really think I should feel worse about really angering my friend, but I really don't.
Those 2 related? Or is the angering thing from last week?"
Nope there related. My friend is angry at me because of who the freshman was that I took off campus for lunch.
"o.O

I almost want to say his sister l0l

But saying that would just be mean."
Nope it is the girl that he really likes. He doesn't have a sister.
They make ties? I need one....
"I just came to the realization that my friend has kept a log on me since 5th grade.
I made a bet with her, saying I'd never wear jeans in school (or life) more than 20 times in my life.
So far, since 5th grade, I've had 16 incidents."
"I was thinking.. and I wanted each and everyone of you to answer the following question....

If I was a twin and there were two of me, would you go mad?"
Just long enough to stab both of you.
"No, seeing as I live about 200 miles away in a different state. But I would come to your house and slap both of you with trouts.

Edit: I can't wait for Thanksgiving break. I need a long weekend...both to catch up on sleep and to work on SO."
same here, except replace some of that sleep with gaming. I'm probably going to build a crude version of my instrument for Sounds of Music, if I haven't already done that by then.
At least you can work on events for sci oly. I have a bunch of worksheets for my events but have to see if my coach will see if they will be of any use for the high school team.
"That...is just mean. Also, a freshman? Aren't you a senior?
Bogoradwee wrote:
AlphaTauri wrote:

Edit: I can't wait for Thanksgiving break. I need a long weekend...both to catch up on sleep and to work on SO.
same here, except replace some of that sleep with gaming. I'm probably going to build a crude version of my instrument for Sounds of Music, if I haven't already done that by then.
Please don't say you're in to Black Ops."
Your point??? Seniors can date freshmen, and at this current moment she is just a friend.
Oo-kay, moving on, let's see... uh... has anyone taken advantage of the Beatles on iTunes yet?
"No, but there's a greater chance of the people's relative maturity not being similar, which is necessary for a relationship. Its less appropriate in general in high school because the differences between 3 years are more pronounced then even by college.

@Zy:"
"Made me lol.

No point whatsoever, just clarifying. I know numerous such couples that have existed.
RandomPerson wrote:

No, but there's a greater chance of the people's relative maturity not being similar, which is necessary for a relationship. Its less appropriate in general in high school because the differences between 3 years are more pronounced then even by college.
Actually, it's generally agreed that in senior year, maturity goes down (lol)"
I wouldn't agree with that in the least.
No, I don't play CoD. I'm more into RPG's. I love WoW and Final Fantasy games. I also like the unique stuff of course, like Heavy Rain or Mirror's Edge. Both of which my older brother traded in
My english teacher looks like this
We need interesting fonts, my favorite songs are Neon Trees - Animal and Raise You Glass - Pink
Are those supposed to be links? And I think that there should be a universal sarcasm font... that would make being me so much easier. Oh, did you mean to say songs and/or fonts?
Raise your Glass by Pink and Yeah3X by Chris Brown are currently on my "Songs of Awesome" playlist.
Lately I've been listening to a lot of Elbow. "One Day Like This" is a really good one.
"That was me making fun.

It happens to some; it doesn't to others. But yes, that was meant to be a joke.
Bogoradwee wrote:
trajectoryroxs wrote:
We need interesting fonts, my favorite songs are Neon Trees - Animal and Raise You Glass - Pink
Are those supposed to be links? And I think that there should be a universal sarcasm font... that would make being me so much easier. Oh, did you mean to say songs and/or fonts?
^^

Raise your glass is alright, but since I mostly youtube songs, I hate the music vid like no other.

I'm more a hiphop/rap person anyhow."
From what I have noticed at my school anyway is that maturity goes down between freshman and sophmores, but than goes back up between sophmores and juniors, and goes up even more between juniors and seniors.
Apparently, my school is on fire...
On fire?
At least you're not in it!
What happens on chat, stays on chat, that means you quiz!
"""Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds""

does anyone else actually think that this sone could actually be about LSD???

also I have just realized that for the most part every since well about 7 months ago I use three questionmarks for questions that I ask."
"Finally, we have events and teams... a full month and a half earlier than last year, yet still woefully late

on a more random note,

Why are stores playing jingle bells before thanksgiving????"
Harry Potter 7 was an amazing movie
But was it accurate?
"Yes. NHS burned their cookies.
Bogoradwee wrote:
robotman09 wrote:
Harry Potter 7 was an amazing movie
But was it accurate?
I read the review on Newsweek, it claimed that one of the main drawbacks of the movie was that it stayed too close to the books' plot line.

Wait, what?

Yes, you read that right."
"If I remember correctly, I had this conversation with a friend of mine, and it definitely is.
kjhsscioly wrote:
Finally, we have events and teams... a full month and a half earlier than last year, yet still woefully late

on a more random note,

Why are stores playing jingle bells before thanksgiving????
We had teams and events around one and a half months ago? Dunno, I made them.

Full 3 months earlier than last year though lol. And I still bet no one but me has started. On anything."
Its a pretty well known fact that its a drug reference...
"NHS as in National Honor Society? The kids who are good at everything...except, apparently, the culinary arts (no offense to NHS).
Bogoradwee wrote:
robotman09 wrote:
Harry Potter 7 was an amazing movie
But was it accurate?
I read the review on Newsweek, it claimed that one of the main drawbacks of the movie was that it stayed too close to the books' plot line.

Wait, what?

Yes, you read that right.[/quote]Boo, Newsweek. Especially since for the 7th book, they have to stay close to the plot, otherwise it doesn't make any sense."
It was really accurate
"But on this I found this comment by Lennon.

Shortly after the song's release, speculation arose that the first letter of each of the title's nouns intentionally spelled LSD. Though Lennon denied and mocked the idea of a hidden LSD reference, the BBC banned the song."
"""Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds""

does anyone else actually think that this sone could actually be about LSD???

also I have just realized that for the most part every since well about 7 months ago I use three questionmarks for questions that I ask."
"Finally, we have events and teams... a full month and a half earlier than last year, yet still woefully late

on a more random note,

Why are stores playing jingle bells before thanksgiving????"
Harry Potter 7 was an amazing movie
But was it accurate?
"Yes. NHS burned their cookies.
Bogoradwee wrote:
robotman09 wrote:
Harry Potter 7 was an amazing movie
But was it accurate?
I read the review on Newsweek, it claimed that one of the main drawbacks of the movie was that it stayed too close to the books' plot line.

Wait, what?

Yes, you read that right."
"If I remember correctly, I had this conversation with a friend of mine, and it definitely is.
kjhsscioly wrote:
Finally, we have events and teams... a full month and a half earlier than last year, yet still woefully late

on a more random note,

Why are stores playing jingle bells before thanksgiving????
We had teams and events around one and a half months ago? Dunno, I made them.

Full 3 months earlier than last year though lol. And I still bet no one but me has started. On anything."
Its a pretty well known fact that its a drug reference...
"NHS as in National Honor Society? The kids who are good at everything...except, apparently, the culinary arts (no offense to NHS).
Bogoradwee wrote:
robotman09 wrote:
Harry Potter 7 was an amazing movie
But was it accurate?
I read the review on Newsweek, it claimed that one of the main drawbacks of the movie was that it stayed too close to the books' plot line.

Wait, what?

Yes, you read that right.[/quote]Boo, Newsweek. Especially since for the 7th book, they have to stay close to the plot, otherwise it doesn't make any sense."
It was really accurate
"But on this I found this comment by Lennon.

Shortly after the song's release, speculation arose that the first letter of each of the title's nouns intentionally spelled LSD. Though Lennon denied and mocked the idea of a hidden LSD reference, the BBC banned the song."
Yes, Lennon, and the Beatles on several occasions I believe denied that it was about LSD. But, well, that's all the more reason its about LSD
I'm not trying to say your wrong. As a mattar of fact I agree with the statement that Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds is about LSD even more after listening to the song a few times.
this is my daily random comment for today.
I am eating a bagel, yummy.
"Trouble, oh we got trouble, Right here in River City! With a capital ""T"" that rhymes with ""P"" and that stands for Pool!
~Professor Harold Hill, The Music Man"
Yes, I do think it's an LSD reference, but the basic idea for the song was actually from a drawing by Julian Lennon. He drew a picture of a girl named Lucy, and the scenery was exactly as described in the song.
"Got a secret
Can you keep it?
Swear this one you'll save
Better lock it, in your pocket
Taking this one to the grave
If I show you then I know you
Won't tell what I said
Cause two can keep a secret
If one of them is dead..."
"That's the one- though they're not good at everything.

I just saw my debate partner almost break a podium in a blind rage. Considering he's not exactly known for passionate rebuttals, it was quite entertaining."
you guys use podiums in debate? we don't.
Well, it was just a table with a box on it. But he nearly crushed the box. (There were some podiums in other rounds, it was whatever was in the room)
"'Twas a hyperbole, zz.

I sat through a whole day of speeches and vote-casting today for the model government thing I participate in. To make it worse, the votes aren't tallied instantly; instead, all the delegations read out their votes, one delegation at a time, one electoral race at a time. So your candidate might have a nice 30-point lead...then the huge rival delegation casts 50 votes for one of the other candidates. And then you stress out because you really want your candidate to win, but there's only a few delegations left and you're not sure which way they'll vote. So yeah, not exactly a relaxing weekend so far."
I just saw Unstoppable. it was GREAT. sucks for you, kjhsscioly
"Oh, last night was the big game between us and our archrivals for the right to go to the state football finals:
http://www.kansascity.com/2010/11/19/24 ... to-6a.html"
"(I've decided that I'm going to post the lyrics to this rather erie song.... Secret- The Pierces)

Why do you smile
Like you have told a secret
Now you're telling lies
Cause you're the one to keep it
But no one keeps a secret
No one keeps a secret
Why when we do our darkest deeds
Do we tell?
They burn in our brains
Become a living hell
Cause everyone tells
Everyone tells…"
"(I've decided that I'm going to post the words to this rather eerie poem.... I felt a Funeral, in my Brain- Emily Dickinson)

I felt a Funeral in my Brain,
And Mourners, to and fro,
Kept treading — treading — till it seemed
That Sense was breaking through —

And when they all were seated,
A Service like a Drum —
Kept beating — beating — till I thought
My Mind was going numb —

And then I heard them lift a Box,
And creak across my Soul
With those same Boots of Lead, again.
Then Space — began to toll

As all the Heavens were a Bell,
And Being but an Ear,
And I and Silence some strange Race,
Wrecked, solitary, here —

And then a Plank in Reason, broke,
And I dropped down, and down—
And hit a World, at every plunge,
And Finished knowing — then —"
/me slaps Zyzzyva98 copycat!
Did you find a green mushroom? Because I'm pretty sure you got 1-up'd.
"WIN; lol, best burn 2010!

Such a nerd reference; how fitting on a science forum."
"Hey hey, I'M BETTER AT THE FRENCH HORN THAN YOUOUOU


/me runs for the hils"
"And I'm better than BOTH OF YOUOUOUOU

*stays and proves it*"
/me slaps winneratlife with a trout, and stays to prove it.
Well now the whole quote at the bottom of my sig has lost some comedic value with the announcement that myspace is calling it quits on being a social network.
Well you could replace it with the upcoming Diaspora, or any other social network. But yeah, no other really well known ones are prevalent.
"But that would take away some of the awesomeness of it because that was actually what my reply was when a girl asked me what we would do with out facebook.


in just someting really random apperently I am a dishonerable, self-centered jerk."
"Join the club.

Except in a cool way"
I saw HP yesterday, and apparently someone in the back had a stroke in the middle of the movie, and they had to pause it for about 10 minutes while the EMS people came in.
Awesome I have just blown through my 1000 texts for the month. well this sucks.
Step back I have an avatar picture.
Yay that makes my break 100x better.
"I am the Fearsome Pirate Frank!

~Pirate Frank, The Fearsome Pirate Frank"
Im no longer the #1 spammer! NEO Awesomeness joined yesterday and already has 32 post - all in general chat!
You still are in our hearts and minds.
Turning over a new leaf I see?
"To those of you that want to do me an amazing favor:

Click on this link:
http://www.clickondetroit.com/parade/25 ... etail.html

And on the right hand side, vote for ""Troy Athens Red Hawks"". TYVM"
I voted for you
Tsk, tsk, winneratlife. Fixing the votes, I see?
I voted 100 times myself. Calculated around 3-4 minute timers between votes that counted, set up 4 computers.
For a local competition that my school was involved in, we turned off cookies on our browsers, and pretty much every class voted for an hour, and we would just vote, f5, vote, f5, vote, f5. we averaged about 1000 votes per minute. Ok, so not all, but in the last hour of the day, we got about 40k votes. They decided to remove us from the competition and continue voting for a more fair competition. also, last year my favorite teacher was up for an award. He won with over 70k votes, and we're a small school. I voted over 100 times a day. We vote like it's our job
Happy Turkey Day to everyone
Happy Thanksgiving my fellows!
This must be the worst day for a turkey.
Is it raining up there too?
"Efffffffffffffff

I forgot cookies! I forgot cookes! I forgot cookes!

Could've had it! Why didn't you give me this tip last night?!?"
"I was alone I never knew
What good love could do
Then we touched then we sang
about the lovely things"
"Because I could not stop for Death,
He kindly stopped for me;
The carriage held but just ourselves
And Immortality."
Ahhh I fell like I am stuck between a rock an a hard place again but this time getting out will be harder. I don't care tho
State Championship game for football tomorrow Can't wait!
Well, I just died a little inside.
WooHoo! I'm back after how long?
Not long enough...
"haha my brother's CT scan came back...
that explains ALOT!!"
I'm sorry... /hug
Yes, and it starts with spelling.
"maybe like i before e except after c
wIErd huh?

and we are in sCIEnce olympiad so is my nEIghbor and i have EIght events.. (ok not eight)"
"LIES.

I before E is the absolute biggest lie someone will say to you. I got into quite a discussion about it today, actually."
no, I can guarantee you there are bigger lies
i will always be the #1 spammer. I'm sorry. I posted 40+ in my first day.
I posted over 500 over the summer.
"You both should not be proud of that at all.
Now go do sommat useful to make up for your spam like work on a wiki page"
"I do work on the wiki.
Well, not that much any more."
"Why am i banned on AJAX again?

In other news, testing tomorrow! I'm making remote and fossils, and taking ecology and ED"
Just out of curiosity, how close is everyone to being "ready" for invitationals? A couple of my events need a lot more work, but others seem ok.
"Um...I have barely started?

That's the way my school works. Watch as I still do best on my team."
Unfortunately I feel like the last one right now.
Sorry you feel that way, but the taglines are hilarious.
"trololololollolol


Things To Do List:
-Laugh at Quiz
-Laugh at Quiz some more
-Attack Quiz at regionals next year"
How does that work? There's something to bridge the gap, always.
Well than I have yet to find the mythical object that you mention, mabey after six weeks of not thinking about it I will find it.
"Yesterday we suffered the death of a seventh student in our area this school year. It's devastating, really, that this many people have passed away in just four months that were a big part of other students' lives. Only one high school hasn't had a death, and they did last year.

On a brighter side, winneratlife and anyone else who has played the French horn will laugh at this:
Director: French Horns, we need you to play louder!
Saxophone player: Well, maybe if they took their hands out of the bells you could hear them better!"
"I did laugh.
Or maybe we could turn around! Or just switch to mellos, which accomplishes both!"
"On the first one, 7 students in your area, I am sorry. My school has actually suffered the first death in our school community since two years ago, and that was on Sunday night


for the second one, I don't play french horn and even I laughed at that one."
I assume these are drug-related? I feel very sad for the families of these students, no matter how it happened.
None of them are drug-related.
O.O Really? So are they suicides or gang-related, or something completely different?
I know we're a "ghetto" school, but come on, you don't even go to East. The majority were related to car accidents.
That was just based upon the fact that gangs are apparently a problem in public schools. But I guess I should have thought of car accidents.
I'm auditioning for District Orchestra tomorrow...yikes!
Ooh, I'm going to perform at district band tomorrow. Haven't looked at most of the music yet, so I hope it goes somewhat well.
Haha, what? Don't feel so superior with your private school education. Our school doesn't have a problem with gangs... The only deaths at our school in the past few years were due to illness.
"Guys... look at the maximum number of users (and those of you on now, look how many guests are on)

O_o

Yikes."
We are a pretty stable school, but we have death only due to illness, and that was at the other school in our district. Of course, if there is any other type, we (students) would be the last to know, if ever.
The First state competition results are in from Montana, and The first qualifiers to the national tournament have been announced! Check the wiki
Wow, already?
Yeah, they test on the previous years material. Then learn all they can before state. So, in essence, the National Competition is where they are first tested on material they are studying.
So they take Ecology tests on forests and taiga? Odd.
I made Districts! Granted, I'm almost last chair, but still...at least I made it.
"Hey, I was almost last chair too. Congratulations!

We had district band today, as I said. Went pretty well, thirteen minutes into rehearsal the fire alarm went off. No mass panic, everyone just kept playing and ignoring it. We're dedicated! Also, I've made various honor bands with guest clinicians once in each of the past three years now. And every year, the guest clinician gets crazier and crazier. By senior year there will probably be one from an insane asylum."
Never been in a districts honor band...never had time
"good job alphatauri!

p.s. my friend just recommended tartini's sonata in g minor for violin to me and i love it cuz it's absolutely insane!!!"
"Tartini...Isn't that the ""Devil's Trill"" Sonata? As in, the sonata that's almost impossible to play (well)?

On a slightly different note, I just managed to scare myself while listening to classical music...I didn't know there was a loud drum entrance there."
I just realized that today I had the first of three concerts within five days, all with completely different music in different groups. O_o
"For the first time in my life i went to work at a soup kitchen. And i can't wait to go again next weekend.

On a less serious note, coached an elementary lego robotics team today at their regional competition - quite an awesome experience, i only wish i had done it when i was younger."
That happened to me a couple months ago. It was for a service learning project we're doing in our AP English class. The only thing is it's not open every week, which makes me kind of sad.
"So, I have an English project that involves writing and performing a 10 minute Greek tragedy. It was assigned today. We had all day in class today to work on it with our groups. We got through like...an act and an outline.

Cool right? We agreed we'd write the rest of the script over facebook. We were supposed to start at 6:30. It's now 9. We've been waiting on the same person for 2 and a half hours. One other member had a piano lesson and won't be able to be back until midnight, and we sorta need all 5 people to write the script (or at least the 2 that are missing are major characters...). What do I do? Oh noes."
Ohhh I may love B days at school and Mondays again, and I may have found the object that bridges the gap that i believe winner mentioned. Life is great.
dude I did that in like 3 weeks in my first month of having a scioly account)
"ahhh... But I like shrimpies...
~that disembodied head, The cloak"
I have a lot of homework tonight. I dislike Tuesdays.
"Happy to hear it.

Except that I wasn't literally talking about an object at the time, I was talking more abstract"
Tis' the season to be jolly TROLOLOLOLOLOLLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOL
It was there...so i bought it
"And then I stabbed 37 times in the chest!
~Carl The llama, Llamas With Hats"
Wish me luck guys >.<
"Too late, my time has come
Sends shivers down my spine
Body's aching all the time
Goodbye, everybody
I've got to go
Gotta leave you all behind and face the truth
Mama, oooooooh (Anyway the wind blows)
I don't want to die
Sometimes wish I'd never been born at all"
"Safe in their alabaster chambers,
Untouched by morning and untouched by noon,
Sleep the meek members of the resurrection.
Rafter of satin, and roof of stone.

Light laughs the breeze in her castle of sunshine;
Babbles the bee in a stolid ear;
Pipe the sweet birds in ignorant cadence,—
Ah, what sagacity perished here!

Grand go the years in the crescent above them;
Worlds scoop their arcs, and firmaments row,
Diadems drop and Doges surrender,
Soundless as dots on a disk of snow.

ALSO

OMGOMGOMG MARK WOOD WAS AMAZING!!!!
We had a great concert, he played about a 10 minutes solo, and I got his autograph and a picture taken with him. And I talked to him, like, three times. OMGOMGOMG."
Awesome me and one of my crazy friends on the status of another friend have just managed to set upl a bop it party using one of the old bop its once we raise the money. I find it so awesome!!!!!!
I was GOING to make fun of you for your nerdgasm, but I think I would have had one too...
"So I have a sub in computer lit, and he used to teach here, and he started off by saying, ""Since I used to teach here, I probably taught some of your parents and grandparents."" And my first thought was, ""Grandparants?! Hahaha yeah... no.""
So anyways, he takes attendance, and from last names he recognizes he says that he's pretty sure he taught someone's relative. For an example, he asked a couple of twins, who moved here from the other side of the country. Obviously, he did NOT teach their grandfather. I'm pretty sure he either didn't teach or couldn't remember any of our parents, and there's no way he taught any of our grandparents."
I want to know my events soooooooooooo bad!
"So I now have two awesome quotes from today.

""Sometimes I still whip it out and play Playboy.""
Really we were talking about the old game boy and pokemon games, and the kid was trying to say that he still whips out his old gameboy and plays pokemon but his words got really messed up

""WE GO BOP IS!!!""
This was from the awesome kid that I was hanging out with tonight after we each go a bop it. Yeah and we were totaly cool and walked through a basketball game while carrying them."
In 1849, Edgar Allan Poe wrote the 24-line poem "A Dream Within a Dream". Little did he know that in 2010 it would be made into a major motion picture called "Inception"
"It has been snowing steadily for the past 12 hours.
At least 8 inches have fallen.
The ACT was not cancelled, but I'm here anyway because it would have been nearly impossible to go."
Just played with a youth orchestra in front of ~400 people. There were about 8 second violins (including me), but only 2 firsts showed up. Oh, and we had one viola, one bass, and a whole lot of cellos. And we hadn't played with percussion and most of the brass section until the rehearsal before the performance. Ah well, at least it sounded good.
"Hey guys. I only want to be called by the following names, Lylia, Lily or Liv.

That is all."
Okay trajectoryroxs.
Okay Ti- ahh I'm not that mean.
I have to play a huge concert tomorrow as part of a local youth symphony...in front of like 1500 people. At least I'm hidden in the middle of the second violin section, so no one can see if I mess up.
Tiny Tim?
Our hockey team full of tall people just got owned by a team of short people. DD:
"Call me Lily.
That is all."
Wow. Sick on day before finals. This really sucks...
Okay, Liv.
Confucious say: "Man who stand on toilet is high on pot"
Give it a listen. You can thank me later! I'm so sad that nobody I know knows Elbow, but everyone knows about awful music like... almost anything that gets mass media attention. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k4YdmSclJA8
ice cream is cold.
one would hope so
Counting things is irritating.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tt2FiiMWNHU
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oHg5SJYRHA0
The most annoying thing about my Computer LITERACY class? Most of the stuff we do is designed for people that AREN'T literate in computers at all to be able to do.
I'm proud to be a part of this - I blame insomnia.
I found out I got a 224 on the PSAT's. Unlike some people would be, I'm pretty happy about it.
"Oh, congrats! I would certainly be happy with that! Anyone who wouldn't is grumpy. A 224 would qualify you in any state, I think.

First invitational is tomorrow! I'm simultaneously building a tower and fixing up an anatomy cheat sheet."
Good luck Kokonilly (and Paradox21). And congrats EAST. By the way, anyone who saw my sig between about two and three this afternoon CST (3 and 4 EST)- pay no attention to it.
"somebody actually hacked a scioly.org account?

lame."
"That is kind of extremely lame.

Thanks, z!"

It is really rather sad, but I only have one more semester of high school left. :'(
"I know how you feel...the Tech Apps class that I (am required to) take only focuses on basic Word/Excel. Class usually goes somewhat like this:

Teacher: ""OK, now how do we double-space our document? Who knows? [AlphaTauri]?
Me: ""Huh? What? Oh, right...Ctrl + A, Ctrl + 2.""
Teacher: ""Well, I guess that works too. But what you should do -- go to Format on the menu bar, select Paragraph, click on Line Spacing, and set the Line Spacing to double.""
Me: ""But that way's more complicated...""

When I tune back in to whatever the teacher's saying:
Teacher: ""Alright, now let's do a *fun* activity with this knowledge that we've just learned.""
Me: *headdesk*"
No, he was logged in and someone changed the stuff.
"Are you people on Winter Break? I'm out next Thurs.
YAY I got a pokemon avatar!"
"Here's a great charity opertunity: http://www.google.com/chrome/intl/en/p/cause/#tnc
Come on everyone, join in!
There's only two days left, though, so hurry!"
Google has done similar things in the past, including givoogle.com, which donated money to charity for each search. It's now called "saveswatts.com" for some other reason.
"<rant>
Hi [Kokonilly],
To be eligible for a Facebook profile, you must be at least 13 years old. Accordingly, we have determined that you are ineligible to maintain a profile on the site at this time. We apologize for any inconvenience this policy may cause. This decision is final and cannot be appealed.
Thanks for your understanding,
Julio
User Operations
Facebook

Once upon a time, there was a fourteen-year-old girl on Facebook. She happened to be a junior in high school and was therefore affectionately teased as 'the nine-year-old' and 'the fetus'.
Everything went semi-smoothly until one day she couldn't access Facebook. This was a problem because it was how she got in touch with... well, everyone. (Texting bothered her.) Facebook alerted her that her account had been disabled, and she e-mailed them asking why. The above quote is the reply. </third-person>

Needless to say, I got 'a bit hot and bothered'. See, the problem is that my profile was only accessible by my friends (I am paranoid) - so the logical conclusion is that a friend somehow caused this to happen. (I'm aware I could get a new profile, but as they say, it's the principle of the thing.)

The only problem now is to decide who to sta- confront. </rant>"
crush, azure, love letters, midnight blue, purple potion, twinkle toes and sapphire.
My class is required as well, but guess what. We're the last class that has to take it. Anyone younger than me doesn't have to take it to graduate, which brings even more annoyance from the class. I think I've had to teach every single teacher I've ever had about alt-tab. It's rather ridiculous
What does Idaho do when he is bored, and not tired enough to fall asleep? Edit the Wiki of course! I brought all the competition dates up to speed to the best of my ability, and needless to say there are a few days where "Super Saturday Chat Parties" are in order.
"Wow, that's terrible. I'm not looking forward to Comp Sci. As far as I can tell, it's nothing more than Java... around 2/3 of the way through the second semester I asked a friend what he was doing in that class and he said they were learning ""all about While and Do...While loops"".
*facepalm* That will most definitely be my blow off class. I'm pretty sure that an A in that class will require no effort."
I like elevator music.
Yeah, we don't even do that. We do typing, which we all do just fine, we do Microsoft Office, and that's about it.
Stupid whether. Because it was completely overcast, I was unable to see the once in a lifetime lunar eclipse.
Not exactly once in a lifetime, they do happen quite frequently. Although the next total eclipse that will be fully viewable in North America isn't until April 15, 2014.
"No once in a lifetime because it was on the winter solstace. The last time there was a lunar eclipse on the winter solstace was in the 1800's.

I am aware that Lunar Eclipses happen frequently."
"actually I thought it was in 1638, and it comes once every 400 years...
HAPPY WINTER SOLSTICE DAY, EVERYONE!"
Happy winter solstice day, brobo. Obviously either 1638 is wrong, or 400 is wrong because 2010 is definitely not 2038 hehe
"NASA actually reports that the 1638 lunar eclipse was the only winter solstice eclipse in the last 2000 years (all the way back to year 1.) However, the next one will not take 400 years to occur, that will be in 2094.

http://science.nasa.gov/science-news/sc ... ceeclipse/

I'm glad I got to see it. It was a bit cloudy but I was able to catch the beginning of the total eclipse. It was really awesome."
"I woke up at an ungodly hour, and guess what?


It was too cloudy to see anything."
I hate you. I was really excited about seeing the eclipse, I even checked the weather forecast for the night (which said "clear"), I got up at 3 AM...and it was cloudy. To add insult to injury, I got up this morning to go to school (around 6:30) and the sky was perfectly clear.
"2094? Eh, we might still be alive.

I missed it too, but not because of the weather. I just didn't wake up at all."
I saw it. It was quite beautiful.
I saw it too, the sky was so coppery and beautiful!! I almost forgot it was freezing cold when i stepped outside and saw it...
I suppose living another 84 years isn't TOO big of a stretch... how cool would it be to see two Lunar Eclipses on the winter solstice in your lifetime?!?
Id be 99.....that would be freaking awesome, but sadly i don't think my family health history is going to allow for that....
don't be disheartened by history-in another another 84 years, we might be able to cryogenically revive people, or just slow free radical development and cure cancer and prevent heart disease. That's not an overly optimistic outlook, it's possible
True, but the eclipse doesn't look any different on any other day of the year...
And Michael Jordan looks like Michael Jordan on every one of his cards, but some are far more valuable than others simply due to limited quantity.
"And that's about as flame warish as it gets on this forum

I remember back in middle school when i used to play mmos a lot, now THOSE forums were just troll-fests..."
I play WoW.... the trolls are AFWUL!
Only 1 more day 'til Winter Break, and no more classes in which we actually learn anything! Nothing happens tomorrow...basically I get to play holiday music all day for the elementary/middle/high schools and watch as the principal dresses up as Santa and pelts the high school student body with candy canes.
You know what I hate? I'm the only school in my entire county with school tomorrow.
You know what I love? I got off last Friday : P
I have 3 tests tomorrow.
I'M OUT FOR CHRISTMAS!!!!!
I am so jealous. Tomorrow is my last day of the semester, and I get to take an APUSH final, and a Precalc final after that. We also happen to be the only district in a large vicinity that gets out so late and has finals BEFORE break.
Not really.
"Heh, I had to take a huge Precalc test today. I don't like logarithms...they're just annoying. I also had a English quiz yesterday plus a French test and an American Cultures quiz/test/quest on Monday.

Our semester ends in mid-January, so all my midterms are then and I don't have to worry about it for now. But I have a English TEST (it's only vocab, though) on the day I get back from break, and a huge Bio project that was inconveniently started right before Christmas Break."
"Why did the algae and the fungus get married?
They took a lichen to each other."
i'm anemic, have chronic bronchitis, and is a long-distance runner. -_-;;
Would anyone be interested if I make a thread titled, "Your Daily Awesome Song?" I would make an effort to post one every day (from youtube, most likely) and others could post too. I would do it here, but I'm worried about flooding.
Well, see the problem with that is that music is art (except rap) and people tend to get into large arguments about what they consider art and what art is. And many people have different ideas of awesome. Like, some people think rap is awesome (they're wrong). But w/e, if you really want to, go ahead.
The awesome is subjective per post. If it's awesome to you, go ahead and post it! I wouldn't want any negative comments, only praise and song posts.
"Yessss! Got a 93 on the honors precalc final, just barely boosted my grade to a 90 (well... 89.6... but it rounds)! My GPA is saved!

I can handle logs... what gets me is sumation of sequences >.>"
"I can handle summations of sequences... It's polynomial graphing

EDIT: lol, just checking up on my grades, and I realize why everyone says APES is a joke... I got a 105 on the final, after about 20 minutes of skimming my note. The odd thing is, usually the tests in class are hard, but their point value is drowned out by the other easy stuff. The final must have been curved SO much. I bet it was all those seniors who just play video games in class whose grades encouraged the curve."
"3 tests today.
AP Euro: Eh. Normal AP Euro test.
Brit Lit: The Macbeth test was a JOKE. Second question: ""What, besides Glamis, is Macbeth thane of?"" My classmates actually struggled, which was the sad part.
Multi: >.< I can NEVER guess how well I do on these tests. I guess we'll have to see...

On, and my district was the only in the state with school today."
Wow, school on Christmas Eve Eve? That's wrong...
"The wheather in my town is so bass ackwards. No snow on Christmas Eve, that just isn't right for a place up in the mountains. I bet there is no snow tomorrow as well. What is messed up is my stupid town had snow on the ground for Halloween and Thanksgiving.

Actually I think that Global Warning is to blame for my lack of a white Christmas."
Nah, I don't think so. We're supposed to have one : D
tell that to my district...
"And mine.

Although, we did nothing educational yesterday. We had the principal attempt to conduct the symphony orchestra for part of Sleigh Ride (key word: attempt), but the orchestra paid him absolutely no attention and took off. I must say, it was quite amusing to watch him try to keep up. That, and his Santa hat fell off as well."
Oh, Sleigh Ride is the absolute worst holiday song ever. Period. Without a doubt. No question.
"There are currently approximately three feet of snow on the ground...
GUYS I THINK IT'LL BE A WHITE CHRISTMAS IN MINNESOTA."
There's absolutely no snow here, and there hasn't been for weeks. Not that I'm complaining.
At 34 degrees... not seeing a white Christmas happening anymore. Too bad.
Dont you just love being sick the night before Christmas? Its a good thing I'm not christian.
"Oh hey, me neither! However, the fact that Christ was born in May* allows me to celebrate Christmas, I think.
* - or, you know, a day that isn't Christmas. I don't mean to offend anyone - and I doubt I will - but there you have it."
"Merry Christmas to everyone who celebrates!
Also, Merry Movies & Chinese Food day to those who dont!"
"No snow at all today...and there hasn't really been any snow so far this winter. It feels like it should still be November, not the end of December.

I blame global warming."
"Merry Christmas!

I saw two snowflakes in the air today, that's all, just two, and none on the ground. That counts as a white Christmas, right?"
"Lol---
Its SUNNY and a nice 40 degrees (high of 55) where i am in Texas. we haven't even dipped into the 30s
seriously, i went shopping yesterday and was wearing shorts and flip flops !"
Yeah, and then, instead of snow, we got rain. >.< Well, Merry Christmas everyone! who else has a hangover???
Well, my friend had one this morning, but yours was probably bigger. Since, ya know, everythings bigger in texas....
Sorry I didn't get on to say this, but MERRY CHRISTMAS and most importantly, HAPPY FESTIVUS!!!!
I now have the devil's number as my post count!
"Just for you, Naps:

http://media.ebaumsworld.com/picture/Qu ... rjesus.jpg

VS

http://1.bp.blogspot.com/_cHx2qydO0cY/T ... skwerl.jpg"
LOL, haha, maybe XDDD
While we're on the topic of texas, http://strangemaps.files.wordpress.com/ ... 132_fr.jpg
"WOAH. that's a messed up map

haha, i'm not really that all about texas, haha, i've lived in cali too. XD being asian too, i'm not that much 'TEXAS'."
Made my day.
"I just played tennis.

Outside.

On December 30th.

It got up to about 70 degrees.

Welcome to Kansas. Tomorrow it might snow."
"Since I've been away for 12 days, I'm way behind on SciO....and this thread:

Rap. Is. Art. Too!"
"For me, art is something that can be is appreciably beautiful to more advanced senses and though processes, and by that i mean it does more than make you happy/ give you an adrenaline rush. It makes you think. For example, i think a stubborn math problem is art - many people would disagree with this, but that's what art is, different from person to person. Now personally, i think Rap negatively influences too many people, too easily, and that's why i don't like it. It has in a sense turned a majority of this generation of kids into...well, violent, impatient, simple-minded ignoramuses.

Now, clearly we aren't all like that, but to kids who have no other models to follow, someone rich and famous who ""gets all the money/women/cars/w.e"" can have a lot of influence on said little kids. Rap embodies all that we should want to keep our kids away from, at least until a certain age at which they can understand why that kind of thinking is wrong. Sadly with the internet, cell phones, television and a whole slew of other information networks that make up the modern world, it's hard to keep your kids from finding bad influences."
I sincerly applaud because finally, there is someone who thinks the same way. True culture and morals have been lost through all of today's media and entertainment.
"See, that's by your definition of art >.<

As for a stubborn math problem, that totally depends on just how stubborn. If it takes 7 hours, fine. If it's not solvable by any of my leads, I get pretty mad."
"YES. Agreed, although I do love it when everyone is trying to come up with nice, elegant, ""artistic"" if you will, solutions to the math problem at hand and I solve it first...by brute force.

Edit: Also fun to do is to use a shortcut and finish the problem in 10 seconds, and watch everyone else sit there trying to solve it by brute force."
Haha yes, but what i don't like to see is people giving up. That's just laziness - theres no secret formula for most of the stuff in math, it's just understanding and utilizing the information your given to find the answer.
"http://www.artofproblemsolving.com/Foru ... 9355f4a3e4

Solve them all. Remember, giving up is being lazy!

Point made?"
"*faints*

It didn't look that bad...until I saw ""determine, with proof"". And I don't get some of the terminology that USAMO uses."
"To be honest, 1 isn't too tough, just tons of angle chasing that may take a while.

But 6 scares the crap out of me."
"-_-

No, point not made, even if i took a month to solve those i would never stop trying, because this is what i love doing, now maybe that's not the way it is for everyone but by ""give up"" i meant just look up the answer or ask someone for the answer. Asking someone for help or consulting a textbook is not ""giving up"" it's using your resources.

This argument is getting slightly out of hand, i think we should agree we have our differences, and just smile and wave:

http://quizilla.teennick.com/user_image ... _full.jpeg"
"lol i agree there are SOOO many different opinions! (but i am happy to say i agree with most of what i see) And just knowing the way most science stream, or smart kids in general, will be able to tactfully, and with many excellent points, (or by just plain stubbornness) carry on this debate to no avail.

(have to credit the picture to lllazar)

happy new year!!!"
HAPPY NEW YEAR!
HAPPY NEW YEAR!
Happy New Year! (It's now midnight at my house; I calculated.)
Happy New Year to all!... 53 minutes late
HAPPY NEW YEAR (80 minutes late = fail)
After watching the ball drop, I proceeded to watch The Big Bang Theory until 2 in the morning.
Oh okayyyyyyy now it makes sense. Now I agree.
Happy New Year! 12 hours and 26 minutes late...Oh well (I got home at 1:30 and didn't wake up 'til noon).
Come on! The first thing I said this year was, "I think my elbow itches." (True, by the way.)
Happy New Year!
"NICE! that show is hilarious!!!
after watching the ball drop i was banished to my room, (it was 11pm here) and i sat at my computer chatting with friends and watching fireworks out the window till 3 am. -- i have NO life

sigh...."
"I'm half done with my SoM...and I just realized that I've been tuning it a full octave too high.

Butterfly my life."
Wow what a way to start out the new year. NOT!!!!
New sig quote! And happy new year!
"Love the quote!
And I noticed your sig also says your school. My first thought when reading ""Bethesda"" was the game publisher."
"I can't believe how much i've changed over the past 2 years...i remember in 8th grade, my first year of scioly, i epically failed at every event after procrastinating till the day before regionals...sigh, i felt so bad. I made my bridge out of hot glue and over sized balsa. I look back and scoff at my former n00b...didn't medal at anything and we didn't qualify for state.

Anyway, as a way to merrily kick off the new year (even though we're into the third day already) i'd just like to thank everyone on this forum for their kind informativeness when it comes to the actual events, witty humor, and most of all for making me realize what a large and intelligent world i truly live in. I count myself truly lucky to have found such good role models...i am sure each and every one of you will go far in life.

/end mushy mushy spiel

Now who's NOT ready to go back to school?"
What would the world be like if George Washington's name was actually Jorge Washington? You'd think it wouldn't make a great deal, but it would, because all the songs about him would have to change tunes. Because 'Jorge' has two syllables, while 'George' has one syllable. Just a random pondering.
"Ofc I will, I win at life >.<

But in all seriousness (well, that was serious too^), I agree.

I'd especially like to thank zz, llazar, paleonaps, and the others who joined around the same time I did and became active with me. Although...you all have medals now >.<

I hope to meet you all one day...at once...at nats!"
/wipes tear.
"ME. Today was not fun at all. We have this thing called ""Stall Day"", where kids bring in loose change and the teachers have to count it all before starting class, therefore ""stalling"" class (the Chemistry department got completely swamped with huge piles of coins). Almost none of my teachers participated, so I actually had to have classes...and I ended up with homework in almost every subject. And then I had like no time to do said homework before having to rush to rehearsal, where we got new music and the director insisted on going at almost full tempo as we sightread professional-level music. I'm not liking 2011 so far.

/complain

Now, back to doing homework."
Wow, alpha, I thought MY day sucked. I take it the sight reading didn't go well?
well chess match yea!....
"Heh...well, seeing as I'm in the second violin section (and I absolutely can NOT see the conductor no matter how I shift my chair around, because the person in front of me is much taller than I am and somehow always manages to be right in my line of sight)...yeah. The music's not arranged, either, and we have rather crappy photocopies that have been shrunk from ""music-size"" paper to fit an 8.5x11 page and been written all over by like 10 previous owners who mark conflicting bowings/fingerings.

I also don't see the point of going almost full tempo at the first rehearsal. Maybe wait a week until we can actually play the notes and not have the music sound like a jumbled mess?"
"Symphony orchestras (except for many school orchestra) will typically practice at tempo, even on the first rehearsal. The only time my youth orchestra will play something under tempo is when we're practicing a specific part, and usually only a few sections are playing. And we do professional level music.

What pieces are you playing?"
"Meh, I just don't like sightreading at full tempo, and I don't like the conductor's style of conducting -- all the beats look exactly the same.

We're playing Danse Macabre by Saint-Saens (the first violin soloist is really good), Night on Bald Mountain by Moussorgsky (which has a lot of notes with very small values and goes fast), and Overture to the Merry Wives of Windsor by Nicolai.

What about you?"
"Nice – we sightread Danse Macabre at Halloween last year; that was fun.

We're doing the overture to Die Meistersinger von Nuremberg by Wagner, the entire Carmen Suite no. 1 by Bizet, Capriccio Espagnol by Rimsky-Korsakov, the first mvt of Rachmaninoff's Piano Concerto no. 2 with a solo competition winner, and a few other (easier) things that I can't remember."
76 trombones hit the counter point...
"Cool. For our holiday concert, we played (let me see if I can remember) Overture to Die Fledermaus by Strauss, Winter from the Four Seasons by Vivaldi (with a professional violinist as the soloist), several dances from Tchaikovsky's Nutcracker (March, Dance of the Sugarplum Fairy, Trepak, and Waltz of the Flowers), Polovtsian Dances by Borodin, and the obligatory Christmas music.

It was quite a large amount of music."
"We got a new seating arrangement in math today and now I'm sitting next to the star football player (a senior). He came over and sat down next to me and his first words to me were ""I forgive you for beating me in the spelling bee in 5th grade.""
>.>"
Straighttalk is super retarded
Lately, my internet keeps spazzing on me (i.e. it won't load any pages, then I close/reopen and it works fine)...it's rather annoying.
Firefox, explorer, or chrome?
lawl explorer. hehe. I use chrome. I think the funniest part was that you didn't even list safari.
"yeah, safari and I never got along. Chrome has nominal usefulness because of page cacheing, but I didn't like the layout. Explorer... lol...only in use because it's a classic, though people have told me it's better

I use firefox. It crashes very rarely, and bookmarks and organization are super easy."
Chrome, mostly...although it's not the browser, I don't think, because I've had it happen with Firefox as well. (I don't use IE, as it's mostly useless anyways.)
Guess who just found out his School district is canceling our trip to Invites saturday because of 3 inches of snow! The competition is still going on, and all of our extra time put into it will have to wait a month. /cries
"lolwut?!?

You were in like 1st grade and beat him?

Hang out with him more for girls though >.<"
XD, I'm not really sure why he said that, because I didn't participate in spelling bees until 4th grade and at that point he was in 6th grade. Neither of us were in fifth grade
Lawlsauce...and z could probably beat bush in a spelling bee when he was in the 1st grade, lol "the googles"...o ya, justin beiber too.
lawlsauce? combination lol and awesomesauce? XD
I like spelling bees, but they leave a lot to luck about what word you get. That's how I managed to make nationals in 8th grade somehow in 2008. I really liked the GeoBee though, I wish they had a high school one of those.
"GeoBee...I never really liked it, because it always seemed that I could answer all the questions at the competition except the ones that I got.

I remember a funny (or at least interesting) story that my AC teacher told us about it:

If you don't know the answer to a question, you are allowed to say ""pass"" once. If you pass a second time, you're out. Apparently there was this one kid who got tired of competing and wanted to go home, so he passed on a question for the second time, but it turned out that the answer to the question was ""pass"" (as in a mountain pass), so he had to stay in for another round."
I had my school geobee today. Didn't win though.
Its okay, it was probably a close round. What question did you get wrong?
"I was in the Geobee
<-------Former second place state finisher"
Nice! I'm okay with my 5th place bout in NY
"Who's got tournaments tomorrow?

I'll be at the Northland tournament at some high school I can't spell."
We SHOULD, but our coach forgot to sign us up in time
I SHOULD be in a hotel in PA for Conestoga tomorrow, but the entire 2 inches of snow is too much for our school
"Okay, okay quizbowl. We get the point.

I liked GeoBee, because, frankly, I was very good at it. I just messed up one question my entire eighth grade year that cost me a spot in the top 10 of the state. It depressed me."
My medal streak ends at 18
ONOES. What event?
Ironically, of all my events, it was the one I've done at every tournament since I've joined SO except one. Experimental Design... not the best event today.
"^^ that stinks
but we finally set a school record!! in all the times ANYONE from our school has competed in WIDI we have never gotten above 4th-- and my partner and i pulled a FIRST yesterday!!!!!"
HAPPY 6805th POST EVERYONE!
That is sad. There is over twice as many posts here than the 10000 post tread
Well, this isn't useless spam. It's spam, but not entirely useless.
"This isn't spam! Well i guess some people might think so, but i enjoy reading about your lives, on occasion it brings a smile to my face, brightening my day...

And Z, i'm sorry about the Chiefs..."
Don't worry about that. I have a long history of supporting losing teams.
creeeeeeeepyyy......
There's snow school today.
"o.O How on Earth is that creepy? Have you read some of the stuff on this thread?


And apparently we're gonna get 7 inches of snow tonight...im not seeing any snow yet. I really want a snow day, more time to work on scioly...we're reviewing for tests in most of classes anyway."
Sorry for the double post but Z,
WTF. you get a snow day with 7 inches of snow on the ground. My school get 2 feet and doesn't get a snow day. That is really messed up.
Sorry to hear that, but actually i heard wrong its more like 2 feet of snow here as well :/
"I got school off today. AND IM GETTING IT OFF TOMORROW!

So much for meeting with the team once more before brookwood..."
Pshhh...two days off school for what, a little bit of ice? It's currently snowing here, it's supposed to keep snowing all through tonight, and we might get off school tomorrow (more likely just a delay, though).
I got 6 inches of snow. In georgia. I doubt I will ahve school tomorrow.
We got so much snow that there no way we're having scho... oh wait, never mind.
"LOL I'm from MICHIGAN and we got one with like 4 inches.

Finally got my copy of ""The Grand Design"""
Okay I'll admit it, us long islanders are total wimps.
I cannot explain my love for that book in words....it's a pity most of my friends are religious and aren't willing to read or discuss it with me.
I'm probably going to get that at the bookstore soon.
"http://abclocal.go.com/wabc/feature?sec ... id=6857917



/spazz."
"Last night, as I was awaiting an announcement on whether or not we would have school today, I was mildly amused to see this:

http://oi55.tinypic.com/28wl3so.jpg

Before and after this image was seen, our school district website was down for about fifteen minutes each way. >.>

I think our school district needs better programmers."
"eh I wouldn't bash them for that.
its fairly common to see those when trying to improve/create sommat."
Yeah, but our school district puts up the sort of thing they were trying to put up once a week or so >.>
Ah at least I know that I some people that I use to consider a friend are at least intelligent enough to realize that my facebook status is about the fact that they need to grow up. I really hate it when people act immature about a stupid situation.
"Speaking of schools and technology, a couple years ago, my science teacher found a roach under her computer...

We had had a large tank of Madagascar Hissing Roaches in the science room (it was an environmental sci/biology course) and apparently some of them had gotten out. I guess they're attracted to warmth, and so one of them crawled underneath my teacher's computer. Needless to say, I was very careful about where I stepped/sat for the next couple weeks."
"why does get school off for so little snow? We wouldn't unless there was at least a foot, and usually has to be 18 inches or snowing in the morning.

on a funny note, our superintendent is rumored to have said that we ""would have a snow day when h*** freezes over"", so we haven't had a snow day for a while. That comment was because of construction at my school, leading to hundreds of thousands in losses for a single snow day."
So, I just found out that throughout this semester, I have gotten 17 tardies in Computer Lit. Exam is today. Every tardy lowers my grade by 1% taking effect after the third tardy. makes a 7:15 class seem absurd, doesn't it? especially for a class that doesn't matter!
"WELL... we got off school 2 days in a row, monday and tuesday and there hasnt been more than 4 inches


ohh and btw it didnt snow all winter until january 11 in shawnee kansas -_- : ("
So... we have our first invitational this weekend, and my best friend wanted to go on some Snow Club trip instead. He talked to my coach, who said, "if you skip this, you're not going to regionals." My friend told me that he quit. He was joking. Not funny, douche
"missing school... well last year we got a rare half inch of snow... and we had the day off
its more likely for us to get called off for hurricanes than for snow."
O.O that's crazy man, you go to Naperville right?
Crazy it is, but even crazier is our new building extension. We have a giant TV in our cafeteria, dubbed the "jumbotron", that they use to advertise propaganda and clubs, and TVs in the new hallways that they forget to turn off over break. We also have a "high tech" gymnastic floor, something about coils made of a unique metal or polymer, or possibly both. Either way, millions on things we didn't need, and the old half of the building still has blown bulbs in ever other light.
4 days off in a row now. Its starting to get annoying.
Our SoM is no longer synonymous with hopeless!
As with our trebuchet!
Did you add another layer of irony?
"Wowza....ya i don't think there's a TV in our school that's less than 15 years old....and the latest renovation our gym got was new flooring....50 years ago...

Lawlz..."
It is great, but none of the bells and whistles get used
"And what, you got like a 1/4 inch of snow right???

ON a side note, I find it funny that no one in my school will question it if you open up the locker of another student and take a pencil. Yes I did that today just so I could get my AP Calc homework done."
How would you do that? lockers have locks on them, right?
Nope not at my school. I go to a very small school and everyone trusts everyone.
"I just saw EFO's sig on another thread, and I have to say: The cake is a lie.

Anyway, school budget: Our school just got new soap dispensers. I don't know why, but there had be a dang good reason we replaced perfectly functional soap dispensers and don't have an actual teacher for AP Chem. >.<"
I know how you feel. My school spends money, shall we say, frivolously.
We have a couple of flat screens in the cafeteria... no point. and we got Smart Boards for every room. Most teachers don't really use them. Again, no point. Oh, and the 2 worst teachers I've ever had make 70k/year. Yeah...
Frivolous... I agree... we have way too much spending, along the lines of 85 million for renovations, and yet they can't fund a ten people to go to an out of state tournament
hmm... reminds me of my school.
my school has smartboards too, and most teachers either dont use them, or just use them for regular projectors,
This irks me. My ability to understand hybridization orbitals has been placed aside to fix a couple SOAP DISPENSERS THAT ALREADY WORKED. (The only teachers at my school with Smartboards use them on a regular basis, by the way.)
Piano CM testing begins in March. uggghhhhhh
O koko, hybrid orbitals and MO theorem sucked...i got it after a few days but we have an awesome ap chem teacher, so it wasn't too bad.
"First place team at St. James. <-- I feel ecstatic
3/4 medals- Optics was a dismal twelfth."
"First place team at Wayzata!
First in anatomy, second in fossils (first test of fossils at a competition ever!)."
My brother and I were the only two on my team to medal at Bishop Foley :/ this year's going to be rough. Granted, almost none of our building events were prepared
my mind has reached a break through in mental functions over 100 yatta bites = real metric measurement
Flops means Floating-Point Operations Per Second. One petaflop is equal to 10^15 flops.
I just got home from a concert...there was a 16-year-old pianist who played an entire concerto, accompanied by the local professional symphony orchestra. And then the orchestra played Tchaikovsky's 6th Symphony...it was amazing, to say the least.
"^^neat
im trying to transfer an entire itunes account to a new computer and sync a new ipod... sometimes technology hates me. (if i do it the ""proper""/""right""/""legal"" way.. call it what you want...)"
Well iTunes isn't a phenomenal peace of software either. Its not bad, but not good either on mac. On windows it needs to be optimized.
"Unfortunately im on windows...
sigh..."
are we all crazy or is it just me or is every one except for me crazy thus making me the only one crazy
We're all crazy- just on different degrees/levels and about different things.
Well, I WAS having a good day until my imaginary friend stole my coloring book and crayons..and he demands $100.00 for their return...What a stressful day!
I have no school today. =/
"Hangfromthefloor programmed it so that if you just go to sora.scioly.org it shows you:

I hate you, Hangy."
Thanks a lot...I lost the game.
"i won the game

jk. i hate that game though, so I stopped playing"
"From Orchestra today:

*one of the percussionists misses a cymbal crash*
Director (to percussionist): ""You stand there for 78 measures, staring at the cymbals and still miss the entrance?! F!""
*orchestra laughs*
Director: ""I meant, rehearsal letter F."""
Twat. the Poe toaster didn't show up again.
Ermm.... what?
Oh, and I'm making sushi tonight!
http://today.msnbc.msn.com/id/41159900/ ... ?GT1=43001
That's too bad. I miss the Poe toaster.
"We just performed a mini-bird-rescue: my mom opened the front door to let out smoke (not sure where that came from ), and a bird flew in! It's about minus 20 outside right now (uncommonly cold for chicagoland), so I guess it wanted the warmth. Poor thing flapped around our ceiling for a minute or two, then latched itself to the chandelier chain, then the ceiling (we have one of those weird bumpy two-story ceilings for our foyer). My dad eventually caught it with a towel and set it outside. Baw...

...I think it was a black-capped chickadee."
Got a picture?
no, but based on the look I got of it, that's the only thing that fits/lives anywhere near me.
I hate how when I go outside and look up into the sky I see darkness. I only see 2 or 3 stars of hundreds or even thousands. Light pollution hides the beautiful sky. Looking up, what I see is our future. Darkness.
Wow all i can say is that I have a very interesting friends.
I realized today that many of my distinct Science Olympiad memories have to do with balloons.
Mission Possible related balloons?
Some from this year and last year. Also some from Balloon Launch Glider a few years back, and various balloons I'm not sure had any purpose at all, at least, any event related purpose.
"Awsomtomato copied my avatar!

Sooo.... time for a new one!"
"What has sweetcoop managed to learn today???

Sweetcoop has managed to learn tha life will go on, no matter what happens, and that a good friend will push you into actually asking a girl to a dance before it is the night before the dance. That is what sweetcoop has learned in school today."
I'm alive!
He's alive! Welcome back Idaho!
I don't like dogs that try to lick me.
ZOMG I FIXED MY SPEAKERS!!!!!!!
"Bogoradwee, can you hear me now?


Good."
I just found out how many licks it takes to get to the center of a tootsie pop...o.o
"Today I realized just how much of a nerd I was.

We were talking in chem class about irrational fears many of us had as children, especially on television. One person mentioned a sketch from Sesame Street that they hated, and it made me think...

When I was a child, the thing I was scared of most on telelvision was... The 50:50 lifeline on ""Who Wants to be a Millionaire""

Yeah, I'm a nerd."
I was scared of the screens on the teletubies
"scientist wrote:
I was scared of the screens on the teletubies
I was always terrified of the Teletubbies. My mom would always come into the room after Sesame Street was over and turn off the TV. She forgot to do this one day, and when she came into the room I was hiding behind a recliner, crying.

In other news, I have a snow day today, so I get to take my Math midterm tomorrow. Grr."
two feet, cool beans.
Nice, Liv
I get to skip school tomorrow for District Orchestra (yay!)...but I have 3 tests on Monday and a research project to start over the weekend.
Reality is an illusion induced by not sleeping
I have to go to a concert tonight... with a bunch of B divisioners. It will be long and boring and a waste of my time.
How many did it take you? Do tell.
more than 2
The Army Reserve Band practiced in my school's auditorium today because this weekend is snowfest and they're playing this weekend. I got to skip class for two hours to listen because I'm in band, and my band teacher is amazing.
Way to level up again Z!
Oh... thanks. I find it ironic that each time I've gone around completely oblivious to it until someone lets me know...
Yeah... nice! *gets out sunglasses and basks in the glow of z's exaltedness*
Wow. Thats alot....
"I was talking about z . . .
*He's triple-exalted by the way. That's what I was referring to*"
I know. I was refering to that to. What are you tlaking about?
I am using a GIANT mouse that my dad got at Target. It's GIANT. XD
"Oh? have you seen the huge mouses from the 60s?

EDIT: woah, huge typo on the date there"
So for Physics we have to make an elastic powered vehicle and my mouse trap with LP record wheels went 84 meters today! First test run, it's due in a few weeks and i have high hopes for beating the school record
"I was always terrified of Barney as a child, in much the same way. If it was on TV, I would start crying. Imagine my distress when I met him in real life at an amusement park...
zyzzyva98 wrote:
When I was a child, the thing I was scared of most on telelvision was... The 50:50 lifeline on ""Who Wants to be a Millionaire""

Yeah, I'm a nerd.
Haha, I know that I was a nerd as a child because at Career Day in kindergarten, I went up there and I said I wanted to be a paleontologist.
You could have heard a pin drop for the three seconds it took the audience to realize that they should probably applaud."
"Every time I say that (I went through a brief spell of wanting to be an actor, but I want to be a paleontologist again) people are still silent for a while.
Once someone told me that it wasn't real."
I was under the impression that paleontology was a common thing for kids to want to be. You know, dinosaurs and young children?
"Haha, same here. I went through a phase when I was like 6 where I was really interested in paleontology (I can still reel off a huge list of different species of dinosaurs).

In other news, my middle school's math team did really well at their recent competition...of course they do really well the year right after I leave."
Regionals is in 5 days - panic mode is setting in.
"It seems to be, and this happened to me when I was about two- so this kid probably didn't know what dinosaurs were.
Basically, in my preschool, the class was divided between the dinosaur people and the pokemon people. The pokemon people didn't let me play with them when I tried to- I cried."
Yeah, but the thing is not many kindergarteners (or their parents, apparently) know what a paleontologist does.
My big thing in kindergarten (*note kindergarten age; I never went to ACTUAL kindergarten) was entomology. I wanted to be an entomologist SO badly. Every other girl my age wanted to be a princess.
We're supposedly getting the Blizzard of Doom tonight and tomorrow in Chicagoland! They canceled school for tomorrow and let us out early today... so the storm probably won't even happen >.>
"We don't have school tommorow or today, Champaign o.0

But it's crazy outside...."
We aren't getting anything, but we're expecting some on Saturday. the day of regionals >.< I hope this doesn't end like last year.
Snow day today, snow day tomorrow. Life is good.
Delayed opening today.
You know, this two hour delay would have been pretty great if my parents have told me we were having one, and I hadn't gotten up during my usual wake up time, 6:00am. Thanks, mom and dad.
Well it is about time my school has gotten a snow day. Yesterday we were one of the few schools in Colorado that was actually open. The stupid call from the school is what woke me up and now I can't get back to sleep. What really sucks is that my town has been getting snow this school year since about mid October.
Two snow days in a row...yesterday I can understand, seeing as there was some icy snow/slush on the ground that could have made driving hazardous, but today school seems to have been canceled for no reason at all.
"*is wondering how the homeschooler feels at this page of snow day discussion*

SNOW DAY!!!

Hopefully tomorrow too, my friend says 76.328 or something % chance; we got like a foot and it's still falling.

Even Friday is a possibility because or city's been cutting back >.>

In other news: I finally bothered to get a sig. I'll make a banner sig later"
Haha nice sig winner! And ya we probably won't get one here in central illinois cause nothing's falling and the snow is almost all off the streets..
"And ofc I already changed it

I can make people banners if they like, I guess. It's something I enjoy doing and it doesn't take long. Just PM me a quote maybe? A C4D if you have one? Preferred color scheme?"
Hello six day weekend.
snow day Wednesday and Thursday for us
"-nodnod-
at first i was wondering why... then my mom showed me the news for the weather, nationwide. even Texas is getting down to almost zero degrees!"
"Yeah, I woke up this morning and it was -24 degrees out, that is the only reason I didn't have school. It was more like a ""it is too cold to be here day"" instead of a snow day.

I just checked the temp and it is -11 right now."
I have a cut on my right index finger. I noticed it as I was leaving SciOly practice. I don't know how I got it. D:
"(this is mainly for fmtiger124)
So later today we MIGHT get snow, and the same for tomorrow... a whooping 3""-5""! People at school yesterday were spazzing out of the chance to see snow. That's a LOT of snow for us, so right now all on the news their giving ""WINTER WEATHER WARNING"" and schools are already closing for the day, and our school district may be let our early, and we're already anticipating no school tomorrow. That's one great thing about Texas- the school districts here are WIMPS!

That's Texas for you."
"Hm. We got about 6 inches during the school day on Monday and nothing happened. No oven even mentioned it in conversation.

EDIT: 'oven' was definitely a typo, but... I like it."
"FAIL.

We at least had microwaves talking about it."
I really HATE my school right now. It was so cold this morning that the school busses could not be kept running. It was around -20 and I still had school. My Ecology teacher this morning took two cups, one with boiling water, and one with cold water and threw them into the air out side and the hot water froze instantly. It was awesome but still really cold. It is rumored that tonight after sundown in my town it will be colder that yesterday morning, which was -28 out. There were also record lows in Colorado this morning with -62 somewhere.
That's cold. That's real cold.
Happy Chinese New Year, everyone! Or, if you prefer, 新年快樂 and/or 恭喜發財!
"HAPPY ASIAN NEW YEAR! i wish all you people who celebrate lots of red envelopes!

also, in Katy/Houston, Texas, there will be snow. let's make snow rabbits to celebrate! ^^"
Z what is your avatar???
It's a board game, Khet. Basically chess... with lasers.
Right, I remember that now, I just couldn't remember the name of the game. I did recogonize the picture because that game was created and UCCS. I actually saw from the outside the lab where that game was made.
That's cool. It was originally called... Deflexion I think?
"laser=light amplification through the stimulation of electro-magnetic radiation
And ocarina of time is awsome."
posting on a new Cr-48 (or chrome os laptop)
my chess game > your chess game (if u know a website I can prove that for you)
Wow nice I really want one but i doubt i'll be able to get one until they release them officially.

"AWWWWWWWW

For a second I was going to read your coding and thank you for teaching me how to do +/- and sqrt in LaTeX...but you cheated"
Easy.
I got the random idea that one week, we should all change our avatars to the first ones we had on the website, or at least an old one if we can't remember.
I've actually been thinking for a while, and this sounds like a good idea.
I can't even remember if the one i have right now is the first i ever got...cause for a while i didn't even have an avatar.
I guess I wouldn't change at all. Avatars are (for) squares.
"Alright, two funny videos.
This one butchers the sound in some of my favorite movies- but it's hilarious.
So true.
Watch and enjoy."
Stupid snow. because of the bad weather, my Sci Oly coach wanted to get home so we didn't have any bad roads on the way so my team had to miss the awards for the invite today. Oh well I really think that WIDI was the only event that I may have done good on.
I got my first 1st place medal today. It was an invitational, but it was one of the best feelings ever.
"That's always one you'll remember



watchin' seoul music awards... cnblue and ftisland haha, i think i'm the only kpop fan on here tho.."
I don't remember my first gold
Mine was also yesterday - it took three years working on that event to finally get it. Too bad its in its last year
"Somebody has too many to count/remember, eh?

I still remember mine, probably because it was the only one I've ever had. Ironically, I managed to up lots of the best teams in the state for it at an invitational, then proceeded to get only 4th at my much less competitive regional."
"My first gold came as such a surprise. It was two years ago, when fossils had first entered, and I was at invitationals, competing against many of my own teammates and other schools. I thought that the people who had done Rocks and Minerals would win, but they didn't. I did.
That was my second medal."
Heh, you're not the only one. I hardly even remember my first Regional comp (which was where I got my first gold) at all. I do remember my first State gold (in Compute This), because I remember that they were still grading the tests while the Awards Ceremony was happening, and so everyone had to wait like an extra 15 minutes to know the results for the event.
"hehe.

I remember my first gold... Trajectory last year, lots of fun."
No, you're not the only K-Pop fan; I just prefer J-Rock more. I Gackt.
niceee, haha, i sometimes listen to jpop, but i listen to big bang's, cnblue's and ftisland's jpop, LOLz
My first gold was last year, for Anatomy at an invite. That was a nice feeling.
Last year at regionals, first gold in Fossils. Then i got one in bridge and experimental design too...good times
I listen to a lot of KAT-TUN and Arashi. Some NEWS, Alice Nine, GazettE, and abingdon. I think mostly I listen to SS501. Some DBSK, F.T. Island, Big Bang, Kara, SNSD, and other stuff from OSTs.
"lllazar wrote:
Last year at regionals, first gold in Fossils. Then i got one in bridge and experimental design too...good times
I remember my first gold medal . . . last year. Mission Possible. We had a perfect score. It felt INCREDIBLE! I was grinning like a total FOOL. All that hard work (blood, toil, tears and sweat, literally) was worth it in the end. It was the last event announced in B or C div, so the suspense was KILLING ME! They gave us free T-shirts, but we had to settle for XXL because all the Medium and Smalls were gone by then
(letdown ). But it was still a great experience anyway!"
my first gold? hmm... I can't actually remember, it might have been meteorology in 7th grade regionals, the first event of mine that was called. It was exhilarating (and fully documented by my enthused parents), and it was the first competition I had earned a medal in EVER. Suffice it to say, I was more than thrilled at my first state gold - crave the wave. My first year in SO, we made it to nats, breaking a twelve year streak for the second place B team, and the announcer opened the envelope that told of third place, looked at it, then proceeded to announce all the other awards, including spirit awards and division C, before he told us who came in third place, just because he knew the suspense was killing us.
THE PACKERS WON THE SUPER BOWL YAY!
I think my first gold was in Oceanography. Good times.
Wow, I'm exalted!
Congrats Koko.
Anyone else taking the AMC tomorrow (or sometime soon)?
"EAST, you're only one post away from double digits! congrats!
(but remember, post count means nothing at all)"
Congrats, Koko!
EAST will soon be the first member of this version of the forum with 1000 posts.
"I did. And I will consider a discussion thread tomorrow.
aubrey048 wrote:
THE PACKERS WON THE SUPER BOWL YAY!
ORLY? lol

I agree. Yay! My friend was singing ""Black and Yellow"" today in school and I was just like ""Dude, they lost."" We got a good laugh out of that."
"I took the AMC too... did okay. I'll put more info in the thread.

I just noticed I'm one post away... thanks for letting me know."
Same here, I took the AMC10 today... it was alright, my first one though...
"Yeah there are rules against specific discussion until tomorrow. When AoPS allows discussion, MAA can't complain if we do as well.
2win wrote:
Same here, I took the AMC10 today... it was alright, my first one though...
Just so you know, this was the hardest one ever. But don't take that as a good thing, because MAA seems to be upping the difficulty on the AMCs."
Yeah, i noticed, looking at old problems from previous tests.. oh well, haha, i think maybe i got... 10 right? XD
Took AMC10A today. Fried my brains. I'm not going to even bother discussing, it'll just depress me.
"Bah. I HATE my school.
The cold weather in my town was cold enough that it froze the brakes on the school buses, but yet they don't cancle school. That is stupid, I think my school wants to turn all of the students into eskimos."
I figured out I got somewhere between 78-96 on the AMC 12. I did think the 12 was slightly more difficult than last year. I've never taken the AMC 10 though so I wouldn't be able to compare that.
"I thought AMC12 was to be taken in two weeks though???

*edit: i've gotten the answer packet... >.< i failed... (10 out of 23 right, 2 wrong, the left unanswered)"
There are two sessions, A and B.
SAT scores come out tomorrow for everyone who took it in January - better get the tissues now.
"Today, I got to my bus stop at 7:17. School starts at 8:00 and our bus normally arrives about five minutes earlier than its scheduled time, 7:23. My house is a couple houses down the block. So I wait, and the bus doesn't show up at its scheduled time. And it doesn't arrive ten minutes after that. I forgot my cell phone, so I can't call my parents to give me a ride. I can't go back to my house in case the bus comes, because it's too far to run and get there on time. It didn't arrive ten minutes after that. I also didn't have gloves. Ten minutes later, the bus still isn't there. Did I mention that it's single degree temperatures and snowing pretty hard? Finally, at 7:59, one minute before school starts, our bus arrives. Ten minutes later, we get to school, and the people at the front desk say ""We won't count you tardy now, but you have to hurry to your class"". So now I have to sprint across school to get my class on the other side of the building. I barely made it.

I would have loved to have seen school canceled today. Alas."
Reminds me of the time I stood outside for ~20 minutes waiting for the bus before my neighbor was nice enough to tell me that we had a 2-hour delay.
I don't think they would be allowed to count you as tardy if your bus is late. At least in my school, they announce late buses over the loud speaker so the teachers will know.
I spent 3 hours on the bus if I ride it both ways
is this the thing that i got ripped out of by that security guard and thats why i am an ISS right now?
"Yes. Why would you have a phone out during the AMC?

7000th thread post."
some random person texted me and i went to tell him he had the wrong number.
Why is it that my AP Calc class can take the math term Moment and turn it into something sexual. Doesn't help when the teacher talks about 2nd and 3rd moments.
You learned about moments in AP Calc?! I'm in Calc 3 and we just learned about them today...
Congrats on breaking a thousand
"Thanks. It's kind of cool being first to break it.
Kokonilly wrote:
sweetcoop wrote:
Why is it that my AP Calc class can take the math term Moment and turn it into something sexual. Doesn't help when the teacher talks about 2nd and 3rd moments.
You learned about moments in AP Calc?! I'm in Calc 3 and we just learned about them today...
I wish we had a calc class after BC in our school. I'll probably do like an independent study thing next year or something."
Our school is pretty cool when it comes to math classes. We have a full-blown Multivariable Calculus class, and there will be a Linear Algebra independent study offered for next year.
Calc BC (it was AB) is being offered for the first time next year for seniors on the advanced track -_-
AHHH REGIONALS ARE TOMORROW!!!
My school only goes up to AP calc....
"Goodluck!

Best. Night. Ever.

Dance = WIN."
My chamber in 4N6 legalized all forms of drugs tonight >.>
This is MY daily random comment.
"I feel like, come Monday at school, I will be like the Scrooge of Valentines Day.

At least I will for sure know that I am not making an absolutly horribe mistake."
AHHHHHHHHHHHH REGIONALS ARE IN 2 HOURS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1
My regionals are in late March. I feel lucky.
"My Regionals are in EXACTLY ONE WEEK!!!

AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHH!!!"
"You only live once.
amerikestrel wrote:
paleonaps wrote:
paleonaps wrote:
AHHH REGIONALS ARE TOMORROW!!!
AHHHHHHHHHHHH REGIONALS ARE IN 2 HOURS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1
My regionals are in late March. I feel lucky.
Same :p

Score!"
Same here...March 26th for me. I'm nowhere near ready, though...SoM is doing alright, but Ornithology and Astronomy are f(l)ailing right now.
"Regionals on March 12th.
Hahaha, what do you mean by your ornithology is failing? I'm sure whatever my partner and I are doing is much worse."
STATE IN 22 DAYS!
"Ornithology is my favorite event and I'm failing. I've only thoroughly studied less than 1/4 of the bird list; I've been too busy.

In other news, I just bought a tree guide in preparation for next year! Who's excited for forestry?"
Forestry sounds terrible, let's be honest here
I'm quite excited - I just found our school's old forestry binder!
Forestry sounds awesome.
Definitely agreed. It's memorization; how could it NOT be awesome?
Got second in informative today at 4N6, qualified for state.
"Don't even worry, this is my first year (and my last, unfortunately) doing ornithology. I love it to death, even though I've had a splitting headache from hearing all of these bird calls. But I don't know anything. In fact, I'm crazy enough to consider bringing Sibley's BLB to regionals. But eh, I have a month to study.

I'm going to miss my Yellow-breasted Chat.
But uhh, forestry sounds fricking horrible. Sorry to all of you tree enthusiasts. And then what, entomology? Bleh. Bugs creep me out.

For this regional competition, my friend and I are not going to pick up the mousetrap car or the cup before the event coordinator tells us to. The first invite, she picked up the car as he was measuring the distance of the cup to the line. The last time, I picked up the cup as another coordinator was measuring from the line to the cup. Real smooth.

I'm a study-oriented person. I thrive because I study. So I ask myself why I do spontaneous, non-planned things like WIDI and Exp. Design. Eurgh.

* edit: Congrats on going to state!"
Forestry will be awesome. If you don't like it, fine, there's just less competition. But yeah, I really don't like bugs either.

I don't know. It does sound a bit more difficult than Ornithology. Maybe that's just me.
"I don't think it will be awesome. But I see no way out of doing it.
I want mammals. After all, a very simplified evolutionary complexity path traditionally goes Insects-Amphibians and Reptiles-Birds-Mammals. I know this is wrong, but I have never seen Trees-Insects-A&R-Birds being used as a metaphor for complexity. Ever."
I wasn't aware that the event rotation was supposed to be a simplified model of evolution.
It seems to me like it was supposed to be that, just because of the sequence on events. If it were Birds-Trees-A&R-Bugs I wouldn't have made that assumption.
"/facepalm

Oh joy, here comes the same old same old...

YDRC is sort of a spam oriented thread

I never did like ID events in the first place though... they consume too much time."
Should we be studying Humans in particular soon? Or is Extraterrestrials what's next in line?
What?
There should be a trial (or real) event of Cryptozoology. Great idea, or greatest idea?
I hadn't heard about that. I don't like that idea too much, since cryptozoology isn't exactly science.
Shun the nonbeliever. It would be a great deviation from the normal events. Imagine - you're given the Surgeon's Photograph taken in 1934. Where was this taken, and of what? When was it proved to be falsified? <-- That sounds like a fun event to me.
Forestry sounds exciting, despite how dumb that just sounded. I like memorizing and IDing things.
There should be a literature event
"As long as an event consists of memorizing facts, I'll be ready for it.


Hmm, Cryptozoology? Interesting. I think that'd definitely be a fun thing to memorize, but I don't think it'd be too easily applied to real life.
Literature? As in, scientific literature? What is this, the ACT? That'd be interesting to prepare for."
In Science Olympiad?
Absolutely.
Sounds good. Bring on the Shakespeare questions!
it could work! Literary science. Language is in a way a science, isn't it? It's methodical, it's somewhat standardized, and there's a vast amount of it to study.
binary cannot represent .1
"Greatest Idea.
You STILL haven't posted in the Cryptozoology thread. We could nerd out about it there."
"Wonderful idea! /virtual highfive
Oh paleonaps, will you be doing ornithology or fossils at states? (considering they conflict )"
I don't know- I got first in both. I heard from one of the coaches that it had already been decided that I was going to be put on the A team, and I think I'll (sadly) wind up Ornithology, because I beat the Orni team by much more than the Fossils team.
"private high school?
public high shcool??
indeciveness

spammyness
EDIT: AHHH I didn't make the spamyness part a mod edited my post. ( they had a good reason it went on for 20 lines)"
NOOOOOOO! I won't be able to see you if I medal then...good luck though! How are the kids that are doing fossils?
Good, but I'm better. Hopefully, I'll get to choose which I do.
I'd say do neither XD actually, I don't know what I'd suggest. I lost my fossils partner (same conflict problem - she does ornithology like a boss) and am pretty much alone now.
"Maybe I'll move to your town.
That'll solve it."

"Quadratic -
1. Private high schools aren't worth the cost, to be honest - in my opinion, at least.
2. WITHIN REASON, DANGIT"
yes but his is a good private school and there test scores are higher, but they have 4 times less AP, or I could board a IMSA I got invite when I placed in the top 5% of 7th graders who took the ACT (22 points), but I doubt my parents would let me.
IMSA > any private school. It's FREE. (I like IMSA.)
are you at IMSA
"State: MN"
"O I've almost proven that no matter were I go 90% of the people will be annoyed by me
how do you know about IMSA"
I have connections.
"O
But the idea of boarding miles alway from home and only seeing my family once a week for 3 years is scary"
It sound scary, but I have heard it isn't that bad. If your parents live nearby, you can see them friday through sunday, which is 2.5 days, compared to 5 days you are apart from them. Weigh your decision against how good your district high school is, because if you go somewhere good, it won't make a difference to go to IMSA. Just a few things I have picked up from friends at IMSA, both good and bad: They have no textbooks or AP classes, which makes things really hard. Their teacher are usually PHDs, which can be taken two ways. Apparently they don't teach well, but they have contacts in universities and places so it is easy to get internships. But I have also heard that your motivation severly wanes after the first year, and people tend to burn out. Those who go to their public school tend to be more motivated by junior year. Either way, you can (and probably should) defer your freshman year and spend it at you local high school. You can decide at the end of that time whether or not to leave.
"Two things learned from Valentine's Day:

1) No one really cares about Valentine's Day.
2) Candy hearts still taste like chalk."
"A little spin off from Alpha's amusing comment~

Being sick on Valentine's day:

1. Just as bad as being sick on any other day.
2. No worse of a day just because of the fact that it is valentine's day."
"javascript:R=0; x1=.1; y1=.05; x2=.25; y2=.24; x3=1.6; y3=.24; x4=300; y4=200; x5=300; y5=200; DI=document.getElementsByTagName(""img""); DIL=DI.length; function A(){for(i=0; i-DIL; i++){DIS=DI[ i ].style; DIS.position='absolute'; DIS.left=(Math.sin(R*x1+i*x2+x3)*x4+x5)+""px""; DIS.top=(Math.cos(R*y1+i*y2+y3)*y4+y5)+""px""}R++}setInterval('A()',5); void(0);

Paste into browser and press enter. Makes pics move around page."
"Another Valentine's Day past, and I still don't have a girlfriend.
*sigh*"
Happy Single Awareness Day! hahahaha, ah well, singing valentines were the most hilarious XD having a guy sing firework to you is quite funny
"The heck is this? (You think it funny to fool programming-ignoramuses?...well ya actually it is kinda funny )

And by what is this, i mean how does this work..."
Haha, that reminds me - our Spanish teacher handed out Spanish candy hearts today and one of them said "adios".
"Dear smooching couple,

Please, not at S.O. practice. :/

Sincerely,
I need to make a new mousetrap car.

Sigh."
Ha that was just about what I was thinking today, untill I realized that this Valentine's Day, I am single by choice.
Not alone in that naps *pats back*
I didn't celebrate singles awareness day
"I have a valentine. I gave a cookie to one of my friends and she immediately declared us valentines.
But yeah, still single here and not really caring. I got free candy and cookies today, so I'm happy."
"Congratulations!
sweetcoop wrote:
I am single by choice.
As am I Being single is pretty fun, particularly when you enjoy the chase anyways."
"Aren't you both girls? Or are you one of the people I could swear are one gender and are really the other (i.e. amerikestrel when I first got here, quizbowl for a while).
quizbowl wrote:
I didn't celebrate singles awareness day
Good for you, butterfly. >.<
RandomPerson wrote:
paleonaps wrote:
Another Valentine's Day past, and I still don't have a girlfriend.
*sigh*
Not alone in that naps *pats back*
Thanks, man."
Yes, we are - it was very unofficial. I think she had 5 other valentines (one being her boyfriend) and I had at least one other. Valentine's Day is not taken seriously at my school.
"My valentines day consisted of giving my friends bags of candy. No actual valentine for me. Not yet. Maybe one day.

One guy (my ornithology/write it do it/mission possible partner from last year, whom I have known for 10 years) gave me a miniature polar bear (we have a non-lovey-ish yearly valentine get together with my REALLY long time friends where we exchange random objects). Yay, it is very cute and makes me happy.

My best friend gave me a rubber duck."
Is it taken seriously anywhere?
I have absolutely no idea.
I never take it seriously at all. I take MANY things very seriously, but not Valentine's day.
My school possibly, unless you are me. I actually decided to be a very pessimistic person yesterday even tho I was single this valentines day by choice.
My friend (And S.O. president for this year) commented "Bah humbug" on everyone's facebook posts saying happy valentine's day. It was rather comcial.
Tee hee. My friends/classmates already think I'm too uptight, though; if I said something like that it would be universally frowned upon, regardless of whether they liked Valentine's Day or not. My life is so hard; I can't even make the snarky comments I want to!
Does it get harder than 8th grade? I mean, last minute typed essays and next day tests are really wearing me out
"There are SO presidents?

Sorry, I'm on a noncompetitive team so I wouldn't know..."
"High school? Of course it does, but I find high school far more rewarding than middle school.
But those last-minute typed essays and next-day tests? Those continue. *goes back to doing a lab that is due tomorrow*"
"Bahahahahahaha.

Yes, yes it does. By quite a bit."
Woah... 8th grade for me was not at all hard. haha, we all blew it off, didn't do hw or anything and still made a's. but yes, it gets harder, and if you're doing extracirric, then time for you to sleep < 7. XD
And by 'quite a bit' he means 'take the amount of sleep you are getting now, and halve it'.
I'm on a non-competitive team too, and we have one. They normally do stuff like write the lineups and run the club; I prefer the term "captain" since it's a team...
The high school that competes in Division C (no duh!) right across from my school has a president. Technically, Science Olympiad is a club, so it makes sense that the club has a club president.
"We don't have a president per se but 6 captains, 2 of whom primarily run the show (like the Sith, it's one master/senior and one apprentice/junior).

EDIT: Oh, and the Sith right now are me and Paradox21."
I'm President for my team. At our school, every "official" club needs officers.
posting from my kindle
"Half day of school today!

In other news, my math class (of sophomores, juniors, and seniors) finally figured out that I am a freshman...It's only taken them half the school year to realize this. >.>"
That happened to me a week or two ago... after the teacher asked if there were any freshmen in the class.
"Haha Alpha.

My friends lose track of what grades they're in. I did too, until I got into high school. No, we're not total morons, we're HOMESCHOOLED! Grades don't mean much to us, haha!

5th grade? 8th grade? Pssh. What's the difference?

By the way I am TECHNICALLY (as in age-wise only) in 10th grade. Homeschooling means you can cover significantly advanced material (i.e 12th or beyond) and call it 10th grade. Only in America.

An observation: TheGenius joined Sciolgy.org on my birthday! YAY! *hugs TheGenius*

In addition, Sith Lords in SO???? We have no student leadership whatsoever. I guess I'd love to be one but we're pretty much all equals on the team. People will email me questions on occasion because I am the most experienced/most decorated Olympian on the team, along with another boy. (Explanation: everyone else is new except me and my Ornith/WIDI/MP partner from last year. And I am widely known for my love of science so people just ask me stuff like this.) Interesting concept. I don't think it'd fly with my coach, though. What do SO team captains actually do?"
"Haha, that would never happen in my school because in the first quarter we have color days wherein people dress according to their grade. I, as a junior, dress in blue on those days.
But on a side note, my math teacher still isn't sure what grade I'm in and I had him last year too.
aubrey048 wrote:
Only in America... What do SO team captains actually do?
1. No, actually; homeschooling is done in countries other than America.
2. We set up schedules and meetings, arrange lineups, and procure resources, among other things.

EDIT: Is it just me, or do we have a Paradox21, bitterparadox, and paradoxgirl?"
It's an expression, Kokonilly. Not meant to be taken literally. Of course kids homeschool in other countries.
0.
Wow. That's very . . . nice. And OBVIOUS.
"Think of everything that your coach does.

Delegate all of his powers except for the power to sign papers to yourself.

You are now a captain."
...
"What can I say?

I'm panicking because REGIONALS IS ON SATURDAY!!!!! IN TWO DAYS!!!! AAAAAAAAAAH!!!!!!!"
LOLz, no way? Same here!
My regional competition is 1000 days away.
4-day weekend coming up! YAY! More time to cram before Regionals!
"Why hello there, Moundsview. I know you're reading this. (By the way, the E is indeed pronounced.)

^ If anyone's confused, don't even worry about it. The people who should see that will."
"/me raises his hand

""I'm confused..."""
So am I, z. So am I.
Don't even worry about it.
Haha. I'm not losing sleep over it.
"Completely true story:

On Tuesday, I had to go to the room of a math teacher in our school named Mr. Link to give him a message. His room is 404. I got to his room and he was nowhere in sight.

I guess you could say it was ""Error 404- Link not found"""
"……………………………………..________
………………………………,.-‘”……………….“~.,
………………………..,.-”……………………………..“-.,
…………………….,/………………………………………..”:,
…………………,?………………………………………………\,
………………./…………………………………………………..,}
……………../………………………………………………,:`^`..}
……………/……………………………………………,:”………/
…………..?…..__…………………………………..:`………../
…………./__.(…..“~-,_…………………………,:`………./
………../(_….”~,_……..“~,_………………..,:`…….._/
……….{.._$;_……”=,_…….“-,_…….,.-~-,},.~”;/….}
………..((…..*~_…….”=-._……“;,,./`…./”…………../
…,,,___.\`~,……“~.,………………..`…..}…………../
…………(….`=-,,…….`……………………(……;_,,-”
…………/.`~,……`-………………………….\……/\
………….\`~.*-,……………………………….|,./…..\,__
,,_……….}.>-._\……………………………..|…………..`=~-,
…..`=~-,_\_……`\,……………………………\
……………….`=~-,,.\,………………………….\
…………………………..`:,,………………………`\…………..__
……………………………….`=-,……………….,%`>–==“
…………………………………._\……….._,-%…….`\
……………………………..,<`.._|_,-&“…………….`\
__________________"
"If that's a true story, your life rocks. If you go to room 314, pie will be waiting for you.
It will be apple-flavored."
Haha. That is the most epic story I have heard in AGES! *hands z a cookie*
"Alright, did chat just go down for everyone, or is it just my connection?

Edit: It's fixed now. According to robot, the server crashed."
No, it's down.
Oh, okay so I'm not crazy, it just went down for me too. And it won't let me reconnect.
Yay, it's fixed!
"I just realized something about scioly today as my friends and i were working on our build its...these build its are so much about technique, more so than the actual direct application of physics and engineering principals. They are about getting comfortable with different tool and materials, and methods of construction. I personally think this is just awesome because there's just a feeling of awe when you create something with just your hands, some wood, and glue (and some ""accessories"" of course).

Derailing from that train of thought, who's psyched for day even though it's like 3 weeks away?"
I am! And the European Pi day is on my birthday! (7/22, the fractional equivalent of Pi)
Pi Day! I'm going to try to convince my math teacher to let us do nothing productive and eat pie instead.
I'm going to Regionals right now!!! Augh!!! *runs away, screaming and crying hysterically*
thats the day after mine! wow... i am bored........
"No such thing as a fractional equivalent for pi >.<

And in other news, within the first hour of facebook friendship, I have already been poked by the great Pokonilly.

*goes to dig himself trench before settling in for a very difficult poke war*

Also: I must be pretty bored to go through the trouble of making this when I already have a sig:"
I just realized that I never learned to type properly. They tried to teach us in elementary school, but I invented my own system and now I can type at over 80 wpm.
I did that exact same thing too! In keyboarding class everyone was mystified at how I could type so quickly - even the teacher came and took a look and realized that I was essentially doing a completely made-up method of typing.
Double broke in 4N6 today, qualified for state in Info (again)
"'Twould appear that my old sig glitched or something.

Oh well, it was getting old for me anyways. New sig time."
What do you do? I generally just move my fingers around the keyboard, and hope that I will hit the right letter. I go faster when I'm just doing a stream of consciousness, but whenever I take a typing test I go around 64.
I'm not sure. I just know the format of the keyboard so well that I can sometimes visualize it in my head. Also, I know all of the distances between keys on a typical keyboard - put me on a large keyboard and I'll do badly. I've become accustomed to my netbook, so I'm okay on small keyboards too.
Hmm. I suck at Mac keyboards, but on pretty much anything Windows I can do it. I also do much better on older keyboards (like my grandfather's 20-year old keyboard).
"Cheesy piey cheese is good!! I've never tried it, but I'm psychic!
Once I had to take a typing test with a broken wrist"
"Speaking of keyboarding, i'm the exact same way...i never really understood the point of typing with a home row and all that crap. Wrist problems? No, just no...i spend way more time on my laptop than i should, and in years i haven't had any problems.

And in other news, after the insane deep freeze we've had for the past few weeks, it started to really warm up this week. First time i've worn shorts in forever!"
I used to be able to type much faster (by semi-randomly hitting keys with the nearest available finger)...then in computer class they drilled the whole "home row" thing, and now I can't type any other way.
Yeah, I use the 'home row' thing, but I don't use the exact same fingers for the top and bottom rows as they usually teach you.
It was like 60 degrees on Friday here. Now it's below freezing again! And I was supposed to play Airsoft with my friends today!
"The SO tryout written had THE funniest typo ever. It was supposed to say something about crab dip, but it said cr@p dip (excuse the swear, but it's true!)

And the home row thing is so stupid! I just use my own deranged method, which is hitting whatever key I hafta. It's pretty fast, actually. With that home row, how are you supposed to reach the delete key? Break your finger?"
I use the home row, but I have a weird habit that I have to lift up my entire right hand to use my middle finger for the delete key.
"Aw, crap... It's snowing like crazy outside, and I was hoping to go study at school today.

I really, really hate the climate of this place. All of the snow was melting last week, and now it's all being re-done. Meh."
Gosh. In Illinois, it's raining .
Man, you should see SoCal. It's just sort of cold and windy, and everyone's already bundled up, wearing sweaters and everything!
At least you never had stomach flu at the tryouts!
"What is cold in SoCal, 50? What is windy in SoCal, 20 mph?

We got you beat and it was a very comfortable day for a Kansan."
"Deranged philosophy: A random philosophy I invented
Roflology: science of ROFLing

Deranged thought of the day: Study roflology, and thou shalt be happy."
"No.. actually, I was just being really sarcastic and trying to make fun of people from SoCal (even though I'm one). Cold for SoCal is actually around low 70s, high 60s (I know.... people from SoCal are wimps....). There's only slight Santa Ana winds around here, but when Santa Ana winds start acting up, there's a lot of fires and stuff.... >.<

So yeah... we've never experienced snow before or anything like that. That's why I like the weather here... >.>"
I'm in honduras
Lucky! I'm in boring, dreary Naperville.
"Whoever said Naperville was dreary!... Oh wait... (lol jk)
Flatbed scanners sound eerily like the dentist's office or an x-ray machine... O.O"
To be, or not to be: that is the question:
The 3G in Honduras is better then it is in my house
I never knew that! Or maybe I knew and then forgot.
"I've known about it but never actually used it....

Math team had an invitational on Saturday and we went to a small town in rural Illinois to a community college (where the contest was held). There were around 7 teams from around there and then there was our team. Everyone on every single one of the other teams was white, and every member on our team except 2 were asian. It was quite interesting, as we got quite a few menacing stares as we pretty much sweeped the first and second place individual medals and won practically every team medal.

Granted, i'm not saying we did so well because we were mostly Asian, but i am talking about the fact that it was an odd experience. I am really glad i've been raised in such a culturally diverse neighborhood."
Deranged thought of the night: It's not.
"You the best on your team?

*wishes he lived in a not so competitive math area*"
For some brilliant reason, there's a snow day today. Today was also supposed to be a make up day for past snow days. So, snow originally caused us to have school today, and then it didn't.
"We don't have school today!

Deranged thought of the day: Lunchables are cursedeth."
I didn't do it...Oh wait, that, yes I did do that >.>
In Woodstock, Vermont. It's friggin freezing.
Its snowing in boring dreary naperville.
It's blizzarding here. My goodness.
"lucky...
its been high 70s low 80s and Terribly humid and sticky here.
track started... its just been gross."
*would give ANYTHING for higher than 75. Preferably 95, but that's probably pushing it*
"At least you guys have variation in weather.
Washington state = rain rain rain rain rain rain rain rain rain rain rain ONE HOUR OF SUNSHINE rain rain rain rain.
Repeat previous step fro the next billion years."
I am happy. I ate an ice cream sandwich.
'tis the 66666th post in gen chat. But post counts don't matter
That's bad mojo right there.
"working on random events like optics and wind power!
yeah 1st time on optics..."
"I'm back from Honduras
on the way back we missed a plane by 5 minutes and had to wait 4 hours in houston while we were switching planes. Some people in my group saw Lebron James and some other basketball players"
"Ohmygod you saw Lebron?

*is super jealous*

Did you get an autograph?"
I didn't see him my friends did
Meng that's just lucky....speaking of luck (or just something unlikely) i found a penny on monday, a nickel on tuesday, and a dime today. Im hoping for a quarter tommorow.
"Did you know that I'm psychic? I can predict some cases on Deal or No Deal, and I can feel people's presence without hearing or seeing them. I also am pretty sure my crush likes me back (from a basic divining pendulum; yes, I'm stupid enough to believe those things)

And I feel you won't find a quarter tomorrow."
"Being awake and hungry at 1 AM does things to a person.
It's been so long since I've had cheesecake..."
BIGBANG ALBUM! :DDDDDDDDDD my kpop group has come back XD
THREE DAY WEEKEND!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
http://www.velociraptors.info/
PAweatherguy created YDRC a long time ago in a version of scioly far far away
Regionals tmrw.
NE Kansas, it's go time. Twelve hours left. I hope you're ready.
good luck to all in the NE Ks regional.
Hello from boring dreary Illinois.
"I live in Illinios to
and we both have 11 posts
and you also stalk people
and we both make spammy threads
and you joined almost exactly a month after me
and your in division B
and we both like cheese and chess
and were both 13
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"what teh hek?!
you know, when you highlight a loling emote, its eyes hit each other."
"and you use the or however you spell it phrase to
and we both waste way to much time on scioly
and we both read greek myths
are you going to oswego for regonals?"
how did you know?
"AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH Yes its spammy but i'm scared
were do you go to school??
do you know java?
Are you a boy or a girl?"
"I...oh dear.

In other news, we had three (yes, three) people show up to SO practice on Friday. Almost 70% of the team (10 out of our 16) is in the musical/pit orchestra, which is frantically rehearsing before next week's performances."
3 people? You're lucky.
Are you stalking me?????
partial you admit that you stalk people
NE Kansas Regional Champions, St. James Academy!
"you live in naperville AHHHHHHHH
I go to school in elmhurst
and we both hate twilight and justin bieber
do you go to avery coonely"
"guys, we have PM's for a reason.
Frogger4907 wrote:
NE Kansas Regional Champions, St. James Academy!
Congrats! At our regionals, we're going to be against IMSA... ~nooouuu~ We can't let them beat us again! Except they probably will anyway. Meh."
yes but she doesn't answer her personal messages
Cuz mai exessivly strictified parents don't let me until they read them. I'm like, There's a reason they're called PRIVATE messages!
so do you go to avery coonely
Wow. Really, your parents read your scioly.org PMs? I'd hate that.
Really. It sucks. And I don't go to Avery Coonley. I go to Kennedy. We got moved here cuz we were too good. Seriously.
plussers... I was one too XD
So whats the medals and stars each symbolize under our usernames?
http://scioly.org/phpBB3/viewtopic.php?f=25&t=2384
oh good idea thanks
hmm... the irony of the situation. Being the intelligent ones left us out of everything. The administration forgot to tell us about most assemblies, or call us down, for that matter
Lol. I liked the pod and all, but everyone always forgot/lost their swipe cards...
I got stuck outside once... when math was in the building... and no one could hear the door. Lucky for me, the security people were looking at the cameras, and I was let in. I don't think my teacher even noticed I was gone for about 15 minutes.
"Lol security...cameras....at our school there's no need to worry about being shut out, there's always kids skipping near the front doors or side doors, they occasionally come outside to smoke but they always leave 1 person at the door.

Makes me want to cry but then i think - at least i don't have to deal with the stress of fighting for top of the class. But then i think again, what fun is school if none of your peers can maintain an intelligent conversation and they abhor the thought of learning for the sake of knowledge, and not for a grade.

On a brighter note, our regional math competition is this coming saturday and i actually have a chance of beating the local magnet school in all my individual events and possibly a two person team relay sort of thing. Too bad for my coach, every year he has to watch as they sweep all the medals...."
I know what you mean. Usually, my school is great, but we went to regional ICTM, and we were swept away by the competition. They decided that having the top three teams in the state at the same regionals was a great idea, and we were the only three teams there, so we pretty much ended up last
"Haha, as a team our school can't even compare at state to teams like you and New Trier - the only people on our team who medaled last year at state were me for Geometry and the Jr/Sr 8 person team (of which i was a part as a freshman because one of our seniors couldn't show up).

To give you an idea of how good our math team is, i am the only AIME qualifier this year, and we had none last year. Only ever been 2 others in the HISTORY of the school. Pretty crazy.

And wow the big three all at one regional? Haha not fun, not fun at all...."
Are we really the "big three"...
Lol well i suppose there are other schools which are also really good but in general high school athletic/academic competitions are dominated by Naperville Central, Stevenson, and New Trier. IMSA also comes in there for the academic part, not really for the IHSA part, but that's expected it's a math and science magnet school.
Actually, for math, It is Central, North, and IMSA... Stevenson and New Trier don't appear as prominently, but the have the first three at the same regionals for SO as well
Why did the chicken cross the road?
Because state is in 5 days.
Because it had an important meeting with Farmer Fred about his planned execution.
Okay, hitting the panic button... now. Please excuse the onslaught of smilies.
"New avatar time!

Also, I hit 400 posts"
Koko, want to trade? I'm still pumped up after regionals, I'd love to have states this week.
Is it just me, or is the SPAM level way up in Posting Games/General Chat? I don't remember ever having so many SPAM threads.... >.<
this thread has always been like this, but other than that yeah I've noticed it as well. Really the only two things I care about atm are this thread (sort of) and the assassinator games.
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
"REGIONALS ON FRIDAY!!!!


My thoughts exactly. I couldn't have expressed it better. XP"
Five Days Till Competition
Man am i psyched for regionals. With the amount of work i've done, i'll be surprised if i don't sweep all my events, and that's always fun
"Regionals in a week, and I'm going to be upset if the team doesn't make it to State.
I know, some of you guys are like, ""Psssshhhh, state is easy.""
But still.
You know."
ARGHBLARGH PIANO CM TEST IN MARCH 13 THATS LIKE 12 MORE DAYS PANICPANICPANIC D8
OH NO... regionals in two weeks... less than...
regionals is this Saturday, I'm home sick, and all of my study material is at school. This stinks.
case 13 whenever i watch always has at least$25000
brobo congrats for loving ocarina of time
"I'm going to add to the general panic here:

Ahhh! Regionals in 25 days, which might seem like a lot but really isn't because I've been procrastinating and I don't really have anything done yet!"
regionals in 4 days!
yay! Hope you get a medal!!
"Wassup. I'm Aehyun from C.P. Weber and I'll be at the regionals on Saturday ~
Good luck to your team!!"
good luck to you too I'm in towers, what event are you in?
I do towers and experimental for the regionals. My partner in experimental is trajectoryroxs and zorbs.
O so we will be competing, May the best tower win
Yes, we will be competing. And good luck to you and your team. I'm sure you'll win a medal.
"last year, my bridge was destroying because I hit the bucket while loading it

Hopefully, this year, we will load my tower to maximum capacity"
o3o... I'm sure that it could happen often... Sorry about your bridge... Well, I'm sure that since you had that experience, you'll be sure to not do it again ! :3
I'll try my best, also good luck to you
Thank you !
how good is imsa
They got a bunch of good kids who used to go to Kennedy JHS. The rest of them went to Naperville Central or Naperville North - all three schools are in the top... 6 or 7, I believe. But yes, IMSA is good (at Science Olympiad). Whether or not you might want to actually go to IMSA depends on a lot more than their scioly team, though. Just saying.
THREE DAYS.
Hope you do well/ make it to nats.
MONOCHROME RAINBOWS! I'm somewhat goodish at badminton!
AAHHHHHHH so am I
Did you ever see ASDF movies? They're hilarious. Especially the second and third ones.
what movies
asdfmovies
I don't know what thye are
Youtube asdfmovie.
no my super restrictive parent don't let me use youtube
At least yours don't insist on reading PMs!
I think we should have a hurt and heal for division C events.
an admin deleted the spammiest thread in existance (that randomguy post hey loo here and it said nothing) rather than deleting it. I this a sign of change.
D: I'm ASIAN XDDDD and my parents let me use youtube.. (just kidding about the strict asian thing, haha)
"tehkubix you have returned
your itouch emlutor is fun (put angry birds on it)
EDIT: he deleted it but I swear he posted hear i saw it with my own eyes
Viewing profile - tehkubix

Exalted Member
Username:tehkubix Location:Elk Grove, CaliforniaAge:20Occupation:StudentGroups:Exalted MemberRegistered users Division:GradState:CA Add friend Add foeContact tehkubix
Website:http://sachleen.comPM:Send private messageAIM:Send AIM messageUser statistics
Joined:Tue Apr 10, 2007 9:31 pm Last visited:Wed Mar 02, 2011 12:10 pm
posts:176 | Search user’s posts
(0.12% of all posts / 0.12 posts per day)Most active forum:2009 Building Events
(84 Posts / 47.73% of user’s posts)Most active topic:Electric Vehicle C
(29 Posts / 16.48% of user’s posts)
proof"
would anyone like a post a hoax/wierd things about the government and famous people thread
"Those of you who go on chat often know that one of the more popular games we have is a version of Apples to Apples found at this site: http://nutsybolts.com/

Not five minutes ago, Nutsy Bolts updated the game to allow for custom decks to be made. I thought it would be a good idea if we could compile a list of cards involving the forums or chat that we'd like to use when we play so we don't have to come up with them all over again each time. Besides adding screen names and such, is there anything else we should add to our custom deck? (Please, nothing inappropriate or stupid)"
All the scioly events, states brought up a lot (texas ny etc), and all the animals that liv spams with?
"I think a lot of low-ish level scientific concepts that a lot of people here would know that most adults wouldn't. Or other types of science references
I can't think of many concrete examples right now, things like Schrodinger's cats for references. Maybe things like types of animals for low level science concepts.

And when we put in a biology card, I suggest this description text (if nutsybolts allows it, I can't remember if it does): ""The study of things that smell bad"" (don't take offense biology people, I'm one as well)
I started the nutsybolts thing here last spring. Nice to see its still prevalent. Shame I usually have to do work when everyone else is ready to play."
I'm trying to make the JV Badminton team this year. And I'm not Asian.
"FORTY-EIGHT HOURS UNTIL STATE.
WILL I SURVIVE?
I DON'T KNOW. I HOPE SO."
"FORTY-EIGHT HOURS UNTIL REGOINALS
WILL I SURVIVE?
I DON'T KNOW. I HOPE SO."
Must get some Fossils notes b4 regionals or my partner will kill me (and my bottle rocket partner too cuz I didn't go to some meet about it yesterday)
Wow, you had one original word in that post and you misspelled it?
I hate spelling therefore I abuse it isn't it odd the tekubix posted and then deleted it and that an admin delete a thread rather than locking it
On another note, 37 hours until state.
"37 hrs till regonials isn't it odd the tekubix posted and then deleted it and that an admin delete a thread rather than locking it
edit: windwalker is fun but not as good as ocarina
edit: DarkSabres name is david williams"
"No, it's not that weird. You have posted this about 5 times now, and neither of those things are odd at all. Please stop spamming.

IN OTHER NEWS I GOT LoZ: WIND WAKER!!!"
"OMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMG!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

REGIONALS TOMORROW!!!!! (OFFICIALLY FREAKING OUT AND PUTTING ON THE CAPS LOCK.)"
Anyways, completely unrelated to freaking out about Regionals/States, I just got home from an awesome musical.
Ok, Aldebaran, which one?
"JETS competition tomorrow! Skipping school is fun XD

Which? I love musicals (I seriously could not possibly count how many I have ever been to) ;P"
"Sweetcoop has decided that his team could take dead last at regionals this weekend, but he would still have had a good weekend because he will have spent the day on his favorite campus in the world.
Sweetcoop has also decided that he is ready to get out of the small town that he lives in.
Sweetcoop has also decided that from now on he will talk in the third person."
"'Twas a musical based on Dr. Seuss
(I forgot to share that piece of news).
The characters in the play, just to name a few:
The Cat in the Hat, Horton the Elephant, the obligatory Whos.
Acting, singing, and dancing was simply amazing,
Although I have to say, the plot got a little crazy.
Colorful, quirky, and delightful, the set wowed all,
No wonder there was applause at the final curtain call.
Of course, I can't finish this musical review
Without giving a nod to the Pit and the stage crew.
It's one of the best musicals I've seen (which is seriously the truth)
Oh, the things that can happen when you think about Seuss!

I've still got the whole ""rhyming lines"" thing in my head from the musical, as you can tell."
State is in 14 hours.
About the time I have regionals.
Good luck all who have a competition tomorrow. Hopefully you do well and go on to the next level of competition.
"OMG SEUSSICAL! Haven't seen that one since 5th grade
And I liked your rhyme XD"
zyzzyva98 has decided to take a hatchet to sweetcoop.
No take a shotgun
Regionals is DONE!!! I'm so happy!
"windwalker is fun but not as good as ocarina
DarkSabres name is david williams
I have regonials in 9 Hrs. Go timothy christian"
Dance competition and voice acting auditions tomorrow. What.
Go Kennedy Junior High School!!!!!
GO TIMOTHY CHRISTIAN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
KJHS!
Boom! HEADSHOT!
please don't ban me it's just team spirit
competion time
You're going DOWN. We were moved from Benedictine because we were too good!
I would like reassurance that I am not the only high school student who proudly marched into a GameStop to get a Celebi
I am seriously thinking of putting this thread on my mental list of threads to ignore.
Hey, the "Random" part is a warning, Kestrel. We basically all can spam here to our heart's content. Better here than in the more useful threads, though. >.>
The problem is, this thread contains both spam and interesting discussions. So you have to read the spam, even if you just want to see the discussions.
True, so true...
"Wait, aubrey's back? Since when?

Miss me?"
I'm at regonials
"I got 6th in towers today and medalled, the only medal for my team, unfortuenately

Most didnt meet the specs or were <50g lol"
I just had two panicked Pit people run out of my house...
2nd at state.
2nd in ornithology
only ten smilies per post
"Whoo! Going to nats! Congrats
I can't believe your state was so early, though - our REGIONALS is next week! (IL states is April 16th, which is earlier than last year)"
"No...
EDIT: Well, maybe. Minnesota's a potential candidate for a state sending two teams. So we have a chance."
Wait, really? Why don't they know yet if they're sending one or two?
Because we are a mediumish state.
Two new medals now hanging on my door knob with the others. This has been a great day.
"Well no medals just like I thought would happen. The good thing is that I placed 11th or better in all but one of my events, with my best event being WIDI with a 6th place finish. My team however finished 9th overall for c division with is the best that my school has ever done at regionals. I for one am glad about that because this is my last year of Sci Oly.

And yes Zyzzyva98, Sweetcoop does realize that that last few sentances weren't in third person. Sweetcoop will go back to talking like this and won't die to the hatchet you plan on using on him, nor the shotgun that was suggested."
"First in Can't Judge a Powder and Fossils
Also first overall (sorry quadratic)."
"I didn't medal, which makes me sad. But next year . . . *rubs hands together, cackling evilly*

If you want to hear the whole sob story head to the Anatomy forum. But alas, such is life."
New avatar, bonus points to anyone who can tell me where it comes from (without cheating)
"I feel as if I've seen it before...

As for my daily random comment - my journalism class is driving me crazy. And I've been on this site for a month! Whoop."
"REGIONALS ON SATURDAY.
Cramcramcramcram."
"you missed a couple crams
cramcramcramcramcramcramcramcramcramcramcramcramcramcramcramcramcramcramcramcramcramcramcramcramcramcramcramcramcramcramcram

Regionals in under 2 weeks."
"It's easier to get first when your in JV I got 2 firsts and a second last year
now I'm in varsity 5th in compute this, 4th in dynamic planet, and 4th in disease detective and 5th isn't bad for a small school our size (80 in my grade)
you should have gotten first in rocket but they stoped timing when it went over the roof.
I saw your rocket proped up against the wall as we left did you ever get it back.
you were shy."
Yeah. I'm always that way...
there was a scoring error we got 3RDnot 5th and we are a small school
At least you didn't sit between the two LOUDEST division B schools.
"Just started Pokemon White!

THIS IS SO EXHILARATING"
I'm still working on Pokemon Red >_>
I'm mature enough to not play games for 6 year olds.
Back to the drawing board, my trebuchet, I need another meter out of you, which means you once again will be taken apart, and once again, calibrated, sigh, the life of a StC participator and her trebuchet.
"What can I say? I'm a gamer. I enjoyed the games when I was six years old because they were fun with creatively-drawn creatures. I enjoy the games now because they are so simple yet involve so much strategy. I have lots of fun playing the TCG with my 7-10 year old cousins. Your age shouldn't define who you are and what you do. That's so mainstream.

Perhaps this will shed some light on the matter: http://xkcd.com/150/"
"Agreed. Heck, I'm your age and a girl, but I love Pokemon, too (though mostly the Special manga - so awesome). Ranger is my favorite game, and that's probably the one that has the lowest age demographic.

And the glitches in Pokemon Blue made it so great for me when I got older, ridiculous as that might sound. 'M..."
"Okay, don't get so high-and-mighty. Age defineth nothing. For example, I find Phineas and Ferb to find a more thoughtful and appealing show than Jersey Shore, but you can't say the latter is for six-year-olds.
I love Pokemon. It has essentially defined about half of my life. I've treasured my games, and will continue to do so until they stop making them."
Jersey Shore is supposed to be epic >.< It's a party show though. As in non-nerd oriented, I guess.
Epic as in a grand tale of victory, hope, and despair or as in where people get drunk daily and then go tan?
My brother's SO team (div.A, i.e elementary school) is called the Nuclear Ninjas. Homeschoolers pwn at naming SO teams!
"I am so pumped for tomorrow! Its regionals In NEPA!!!!
unfortunately i must finish my cheat sheet and my binders... ugh... *sigh* and i have a band concert tonight.... and i have not slept well for weeks... this is going to be a bad night..."
So someone got kicked off our team for certain... activities... during our invitational that caught up with him on Friday. He's also suspended for a while and won't be able to do Science Olympiad next year. That's the third person we've lost this year, and now we're really hurting from it. Regionals is on the 19th.
feel bad for you guys... Thats kinda like whats happening to the middle school team in my town. so many of the members can't compete cause their grades are like 15% in at least 2 classes...
We actually have one of our team members unable to compete this year due to a band festival on the same date, and we had two MS'ers last year (I was one of them) unable to compete at Regionals due to a conflict with a math competition. Oh how different our schools are....
Hmm. I guess we're lucky. No one had any conflicts this year, and no one has acted out enough to get kicked off the team! Last year one of my teammates didn't show up to Regionals though. (He had a conference of some kind with his Dad)
http://www.lentilhead.webs.com/
If you only have breakfast and spend the rest of the day hyper fueled by iced tea and snapple, does that explain your exhaustion at the end of the day? (me at regionals)
On Friday I leave for Florida for spring break, where my high school band will be leading the main parade at Disney World next Monday night. I can't wait!
"Doesn't that appeal to you? It does to me. It's real life drama, on TV.
AlphaTauri wrote:
We actually have one of our team members unable to compete this year due to a band festival on the same date, and we had two MS'ers last year (I was one of them) unable to compete at Regionals due to a conflict with a math competition. Oh how different our schools are....
We're sending our captain and a couple other much needed members to Carnegie Hall with the orchestra, leaving me to captain alone >.<"
"Aw man I use to go to florida every year but no more you are so lucky ***
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH my dads name is *** and he's going to florida ina month"
"2 hints:

1) If you want people to like you, don't run around creeping people and finding out their first names without you telling them.
2) If you do find somebody's first name, if you want people to like you, don't run around saying their real life first names on a public post."
"winneratlife, I used to think ur username was winnerafterlife.
And I don't think quadratic knows my real name even though he's seen me in person."
AIME in 9 days...i can't believe it's so close.
"Wait what REALLY?

*did NOT know that*"
During the Regionals awards ceremony, I had to sit between the two loudest teams - Hawthorn and Science and Arts.
As if there isn't enough of that in real life...
I regionals!!! I can't wait to see what place my team takes!
Some teams at our regionals cheered obnoxiously, sang, and generally screamed until everyone's eardrums exploded. Yes, we sat between two VERY loud schools. Us, the quiet, puny, homeschool team. My friend and I were wincing and making pained faces at each other during the whole thing. And the air conditioner broke so everyone in the room (350+ people) was sweating like crazy. A miserable awards ceremony. And the lady doing it gave people the wrong medals multiple times. In addition, she could not pronounce "Aquifier" or "Microbe." I felt bad for her!
"Carnegie Hall? Seriously? That's...awesome.
lllazar wrote:
AIME in 9 days...i can't believe it's so close.
Ahh! 9 days...I don't even know if I'm in or not (my score's high enough, but the school hasn't told me anything). Maybe we're doing the AIME II instead, since next week we have standardized testing...yeah, that's probably it. Or at least it's better than the alternatives (forgot to send in scores, won't let anyone take AIME, were unaware they had anyone qualify)."
Meh, at one invite someone brought a vuvuzuela and someone else brought an air horn. Someone else had a whistle at the state award ceremony.
"Wow. Ouch.

And these weren't even big schools for us. The big schools were surprisingly well-behaved, despite their dominance in every event."
The school behind us brought a mascot, and some pervert at my school hit him during an event
our regonial had a scoring error
This year for Lent, I've decided to give up listening to stupid people. I think it's one of my best decisions yet.
So you're going to stop listening to everyone?
I've been given up for lent
For lent I am giving up homework. Do not give up pooping I heard a story (truth) about someone giving it up and within a week she had to have it surgicly removed.
I think that for Lent, I'm going to give up being nice to people. (I would give up sarcasm, but... maybe next year. Sarcasm is good for my daily health, so it might not be that great to give it up.) >.>
"For Lent I'll give up giving up things for Lent.
Well, crap."
If there was a Jewish Lent, I would give up lack of sleep.
Kokonilly, when exactly will you find out if you make it to nats?
"Regionals is coming WAY too soon.
Someone shoot me now."
I'm giving up procrastinating for Lent. I'll start tomorrow. (I'm also attempting to give up my usual pre-Regionals panic, but I don't think that's going to work too well.)
I really wish my team would dress in Men in Black style suites and sunglasses, then casually take all the firsts at regionals. Unfortunately, neither of those things will happen.
"No need to be reminded. Awesome for them, perhaps. I got kicked out of orch due to a policy because I had to drop band for APchem

And I really didn't need the reminder. I just spent a good 3 hours being reminded (having it rubbed in my face, really) by a close friend of mine, because I pigeon her off in some way unknown to me"
Pfft, wish I had the idea to do that. I'm giving up all sweet things. Ash Wednesday isn't even technically over, but I already hate myself so much for giving up something so ridiculous (for me, at least).
I actually can't tell if you're being sarcastic or not... for the record, I was.
"I have a 1,200 word story and a 300 word poem due in 24 hours. The stakes are high. My mind is blank. Let the panic begin.

Edit: I've just realized that I've managed to place in the top ten of every event I've participated in (which is harder than it looks). WOO! (Self-esteem boost time)"
I'm doing the same thing my dad does every year for lent. I'm giving up smoking. neither of us smoke
"I know a family that got really lent-crazy. I mean, they gave up almost EVERYTHING that they could eat. It was bread, vegetables, and water for weeks. I'm not religious in the slightest (but if they knew I'd never see them again) and I covered by saying that I had given up Lent.
I think they saw right through it."
Heheh, I was being sarcastic (and I thought I was being clever by procrastinating on my resolution not to procrastinate). I probably should stop procrastinating though, because Regionals is in 16 days and I am NOT ready.
Oh, woah. Your regionals is two days after mine. That means I have 14 days. Oh crap.
Mine is (at this moment) in 344 days, 16 hours, 58 minutes and 20 seconds.
Mine's in 9 days, unless my math is awful right now.
Writing is fun! I'm gonna be on a 22+ hour bus ride tomorrow, a man with nothing but his notebook and his pencils. Hopefully I can knock out a good couple chapters in the story I'm trying to write. If you ever need suggestions, talk to me on chat.
"What are you writing about Z?
Aubs, how is it due? If you are homeschooled why does it have a due date?"
I keep my writing very confidential. Sorry.
Cool! In addition I am currently working on a novel (it's a half credit for school, but I was going to start it on my own anyway). I'm about . . . close to halfway done. I'm at 24K words, about 100 pages so far. Yes, It's going to be a short novel. Sci-Fi of course.
In terms of novel writing I hear I'm cursed, but I'm going to try to do it anyway.
You should go for it! I wrote one when I was thirteen (a terrible novel but a novel nonetheless), and now I'm having another go. I'm no Tolstoy when it comes to writing, but I try. I have to really work hard to finish anything, though, writing-wise. I tend to never finish what I start unless there is the threat of a deadline looming.
I'm basically writing three right now: one is a historical fantasy (basically very strict historical fact mixed with dragons), one is about an Alien Invasion, and one is about Zombies.
"Cool. I like Aliens and Zombies.

Mine's more ethics of genetic engineering-related, hard sci-fi naturally. About superhumans. But I tried to put an interesting twist to the whole concept, which I can't reveal here of course."
why doesn't anyone say what they are writting about?
You mean people still actually write books by hand? I didn't think it was possible.
"I normally write when I'm at my private lessons for French Horn because I carpool with someone else and I have to wait through their lesson, but lately I've been struggling to write a page of good writing in that time. I doubt I'll be able to get more than a couple chapters done in the time I'm on the bus, but I figure (hope) that once I get the basic introduction down the storyline will just flow from there. I've been reading two books to help out my writing, too, On Writing (Stephen King) and How to Read Literature Like a Professor (Thomas C. Foster)

However, apparently, I'm cursed, because no one in DSLA has actually finished a novel, and our best writer (who probably will be a professional author when she grows up) has had books that have flopped after just 3K and 7K words this year.

How about a race?
First to get a novel published wins?"
"You're on!

Oh, and Noah Lukeman's The First Five Pages and The Plot Thickens are really great writing resources! I own them and use them daily. They are amazingly helpful!"
"My Zombie story is also about ethics- it's basically a drug side-effect that causes loss of nervous tissue and deterioration of the skin and muscle.
EDIT: I might not win, but I have a good friend who actually finished a 340 page novel about World War II."
Nice to see someone writing on the science side of science fiction. Too often I see people writing on the fiction side and leaving the science side completely uncovered. Oryx and Crake, now *there's* a book that effectively covered science and fiction.
Sounds intriguing...
How can you tolerate writing a book by hand? I hate writing things, and get cramped very quickly.
Thanks, but to be honest, the Alien thing is just flowing better. I'm actually working on it right now, taking breaks to check the forum.
My story is the best (oh wait, whats that? I don't have a story? oh well)
I don't . . . unless my computer is unavailable. Then I have to do it the old-fashioned way. I get hand cramps a lot too, and am very slow with handwriting anything. Plus I think my thoughts flow more smoothly when I can get them on paper faster. Thus I use a computer when I can.
Yeah, stream of consciousness for the win!
"I write it on paper because... well, honestly, I don't know why. It just seems like I write better on paper. Besides, when I *do* type it up, it gives me an extra chance to proofread.
aubrey048 wrote:
I don't . . . unless my computer is unavailable. Then I have to do it the old-fashioned way. I get hand cramps a lot too, and am very slow with handwriting anything. Plus I think my thoughts flow more smoothly when I can get them on paper faster. Thus I use a computer when I can.
I always carry around a notebook or some small book just in case I have some great idea. I even use my student planner, because, well, I'm not using it anyway... but I think it's much better to write down quick ideas then have to think about them all through the day. This is where most of my inspiration for my blog comes from, just stuff I think about during the day that I get the chance to write down."
You're on. I shall prevail, because I am called mad. (nervous, yes, dreadfully nervous)
I should be working on my short story right now! >_< Sometimes it's so hard!
I hate it when you have to write a story but the teacher limits how long it can be.
I'm signing off for now, won't be back until Wednesday night. Good luck anyone with tournaments this weekend!
"You guys WRITE NOVELS?

You guys should learn to party"
Woah, there are other writers on here? I didn't know that! I don't feel so alone anymore.
You should learn to write novels.
Holy crap, i started my first legit novel just this week. The first part is pretty sad, it's about the childhood of a young, slightly autistic young boy who has a single mother...however, the second part is...well let's just say there are extraterrestrial visitations and that the boy uncovers details of his mysterious past, and hidden "abilities"....i'd like some other people to read through and just let me know how it is, who wants to start a Writer's thread?
"Great idea, llazar! (Your book sounds awesome by the way!)

Edit: I'd love to read it! You should PM me!"
assuming you type it and stuff, you should email it to me when you're done. sounds like something I'd really like!
Who is going to IL state???
"Not me, obviously. *looks pointedly at the part of her profile that says ""STATE""

You know, quadratic, it STILL bothers me that you refuse to fix up your spelling of ""ASSASSINATOR"" in your sig. And the fact that you claim to be the Assassinator means that no one will ever pick you to be the Assassinator in any of the Assassin games, or will ever believe that you are the Assassinator. *sigh*"
Pedant.
I suppose I've been called worse things. Hey, read the first line of my sig! It's a warning!
Two weeks left. I am officially hitting the panic button.
"343 days for me.

Yes, I am keeping track."
"Woo, Pokemon White. 9 hours logged and 3 gym badges in.

Yeah... I'm slow."
8:22 logged 4 badges
Meh, very nearly beat the 4th gym leader, but my Pokemon's levels are really low, so I'm not doing as well as I would like.
I have a volunteer meeting at 9:00. On a SATURDAY! I am not yet fully awake, and doubt I will in time for the meeting.
I have Science Olympiad every Saturday at 10:00 am. You get used to it after a while.
"Kokonilly wrote:
Woo, Pokemon White. 9 hours logged and 3 gym badges in.

Yeah... I'm slow.
Close enough, thank you.
Pokemon Black 0 hours (holding off until after States [if I make it that long])"
I wake up at like 8 every Saturday and Sunday, and at like 7 on every break or snow day, for no reason other than to enforce my belief that sleep is the most unproductive state of being ever, with the exception of death.
"11 hours, but I finally beat the 4th gym leader! (Why am I so slow?)

Haha, bluecobra, White/Black came out the day AFTER my state."
"I think I've found my new homepage.
EDIT: New avatar time!"
I know what trinary is genuis
Nice! (ROFL)
And that's the 5th gym leader beaten! My Pokemon's levels are actually really low; I looked it up in the guide book and the levels I have are 'ideal' for the 3rd leader.
My friend beat it the day when it came out. You're really slow
Or. Or or or. He's making use of at least SOME of his time.
"1. She
2. Sure... let's go with that."
"Made it to state! (:
I'm really excited, because my team isn't all that great and was just formed two years ago. We got 6th, which isn't outstanding, but we're excited nevertheless."
"I was woken up this morning by some bird calls outside my window, something along the lines of ""ooWOO"" repeated every couple of seconds...so what do I do? Like any good Ornithology nerd, I run downstairs for my field guide and try to get a glimpse of the bird. Finally putting those ID skills to work! (It was a Mourning Dove, btw.)

...And another bird just flew into the window. >.<"
I've noticed that when I go to Subways, I don't really stuff much in my sandwich thingy... because people behind and in front of me stuff a whole lot more stuff in.... but when I eat my sub, everything starts falling out and it's really messy compared to other people who have a lot more stuff in their subs. I wish Subway would release square meatballs so that they don't fall out everytime I eat a sub with meatballs in them.
If they were square, they wouldn't be meatballs would they now
Good point. I didn't really think of that... >.<
My Subway subs are monsters. I put pretty much everything in them except for jalapenos and banana peppers, along with honey mustard and oregano. I've gotten good at ordering at Subway from all the times we stop there for chess and scholastic scrimmage.
I... don't like sandwiches. At Subway I just order a roast beef sandwich or something similar.
Quiznos > Subway.
"Meatcubes!
Subway > all other sandwhich places"
"Subway is great.

Oh look, I found $5! time for a (cue the funny jingle)

$5 FOOTLONG!"
I like Potbelly better XD
"well who cares what you like all we care about is the truth
Sorry if I was kinda harsh"
http://www.abc.net.au/news/events/japan ... eafter.htm
Do not laugh, but I've never had Subway in my life
I won't laugh. I'll cry. That is so sad. YOu don't know what your missing.
That's because meatballs take up like, 5x the space of say, steak.
Did you know that Subways beat out McDonald's for the largest number of stores around the world? That is so weird, isn't it, seeing as there's a McDonald's here every few miles or so? Yeah... I saw it on an article on Yahoo.
I think McDonalds sucks, too. (Yeah, I'm weird... and I used to think that Pizza Hut was Pizza Hunt.)
"You're not weird for thinking McDonalds sucks.
Pizza Hut is heckkkka greasy."
I don't care for either
I like the way Chicken McNuggets taste. I actually enjoy going to McDonalds, but not the diarrhea the follows.
"Too much info, naps!

If I become a the richest woman alive, I will buy the Taco Bell franchise. No joke. I am the biggest Taco Bell fan on the planet!"
"I only ever have chicken nuggets, french fries, and a milk shake at McDonald's... the Mighty Kids' meal, of course. ^^
I like Domino's and Papa John's the best when it comes to delivery pizza."
I have never been to most fast food places. I have never been to Burger King, Taco Bell, been years since Mc Donalds, Never been to Arbys.
I am a rather big Taco Bell fan myself. I make my friend drive me there almost every time we have some musical activity after school and he has money. And then I make him drive me to McDonalds so I can get a shake or frappe or something.
I prefer Chinese food.
"*Hoping I don't offend any Asian Scioly-ers*
I can't stand Asian food.

But Indian food is okay, as is Mongolian. And Thai has weird but good tea."
Ah this week is going to be awesome because for Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday I don't have to go to school untill 1:20
Spring Break ^^ And Happy Pi Day!
"Pi day?
3.1415926535897932384626433832795028841971693993751058209749445923078164062862089986280348253421170679821480865132823066470938446095505822317253594081284811174502841027019385211055596446229489549303819644288109756659334461284756482337867831652712019091456485669234603486104543266482133936072602491412737245870066063155881748815209209628292540917153643678925903600113305305488204665213841469519415116094330572703657595919530921861173819326117931051185480744623799627495673518857527248912279381830119491298336733624406566430860213949463952247371907021798609437027705392171762931767523846748184676694051320005681271452635608277857713427577896091736371787214684409012249534301465495853710507922796892589235420199561121290219608640344181598136297747713099605187072113"
"YES YES YES!!! Happy Pi Day, all. (I am so glad there are two Pi days!)

EDIT: Confession: I totally forgot it was Pi day until 2win pointed it out. >_<

In honor of Pi day . . . THE PI SONG!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qZlyHtSZsYQ"
"Ah yes, Pi Day...I actually was going to bring in pi(e) to math class, but I got wrapped up in SO stuff over the weekend and completely forgot. I seriously need a pi shirt to wear for Pi Day next year....

""Asian food"" as in actual Asian food, or the American imitation of it?"

I hate Chinese food.
"Yeah, cause like, American version of Asian food sucks. You find GOOD Asian food in ASIA. haha.

and i was too lazy to make pie. i'd rather laze around on my spring break, studying, and stuff... not in the kitchen XD"
Pi
I prefer memorizing other things such as morse code, alphabets, programming, ect.
I only know 30 digits and yes I do program
"Or you could just learn the Taylor series for them and never have to memorize them again
2win wrote:
AlphaTauri wrote:
aubrey048 wrote:

*Hoping I don't offend any Asian Scioly-ers*
I can't stand Asian food.
""Asian food"" as in actual Asian food, or the American imitation of it?
Yeah, cause like, American version of Asian food sucks. You find GOOD Asian food in ASIA. haha.

and i was too lazy to make pie. i'd rather laze around on my spring break, studying, and stuff... not in the kitchen XD
I just...am sick of Asian food. 15 years tires you out."
LOLz, my 15 years of it wasn't continuous, and besides just viet, i eat lots of other asian ehh, i guess it depends. i do agree that it get tiring at times. rice for a week can just get me moody XD
Despite the fact that I am 50% Puerto-Rican, no ethnic food has been forced down my throat. I enjoy it willingly. (But I only eat it when I visit Puerto Rico.) Now, friend plantains (traditional Puerto Rican fare) are amazing.
Puerto Rico.... I'm half European, half South American XDDD and we eat... edible food? idk
"I am a weird mix, I know. I also have a lot of Irish ancestry, oddly enough.

I defy the Mendelian Laws of Inheritance (which is sad because Mendel is my idol and I share a birthday with him!). I have used inherited trait calculators (like this one: http://museum.thetech.org/ugenetics/eye ... lator.html) and they all say I should have black hair and brown eyes. I have medium-brown hair and blue eyes. I guess you can't really trust those things."
"I went to a math meet today. They emphasized that it was Pi Day quite a lot.
All I know: 3.14159265358979... I think there's a 3 after that. Then maybe a 5.
But really, I'm a bigger fan of e than pi."
"Im a fan of the Fibonacci sequence. I once spent a whole day writing it out to around 1000 places. Don't worry, i did take breaks.

And no, i am not embarrassed to admit that, i mean we are all nerd buddies here right?

Right?.."
"We made a bet with our teacher on how much his car repair cost. He has to repair: engine, wheels, and something else.

If it's over $700, he has to buy us all donut holes. If not, we have to bring in fruit for a fruit breakfast sometime. I'll take either"
that's not a good deal for the teacher... his losses are compounded
Smart betting on you guy's part
My brother has to build a hot air balloon for his SO competition (elementary school level; i.e Division A). I am really looking forward to seeing how it will turn out. This is the coolest event he's ever done!
Hey guys! I haven't been on here in over a year!
"Hiya Pleiades! (Welcome back!)
*Looks at ""State"" part of Pleiades' profile*

YOU'RE FROM ALABAMA! YAY!"
...
"Okay, for the record, I did not see your declaration that you were back. Really.

EDIT: And in context, it made sense. I had just said something to her about colleges... and then she left."
I wasn't trying to offend anyone, I just had to leave...
"aubrey048 wrote:
I wasn't trying to offend anyone, I just had to leave...
Where did both of your senses of humor go? I was joking!"
"Mine was slaughtered by lack of sleep.

On another note, Minnesota Science Olympiad end-of-the-season (oh please, don't let it end, let's go to nats) banquet tomorrow! And then Europe the day after! Wooooooooo!"
What time do you find out?
"Littleboy wrote:
Kokonilly, when exactly will you find out if you make it to nats?
chat wrote:
<Littleboy> when will you find out
>.> I DON'T KNOW, STOP ASKING."
"Sorry
/me goes into the corner and never asks koko another question (or at least not about this topic)"
500 pages for YDRC
So bored... got donuts in Chess and Scrabble Club today
So, question: do you think FAQ and DROID count as words?
"Droid: yes
FAQ: no"
"Elderly women found alive after 4 days under rubble in Japan. Keep them in your prayers!

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cciUXpIT ... ture=feedf also, help out here if you can"
I'm going to the library today! WOOHOO! PARTY TIME!
Concert tonight + lots of homework + AIME tomorrow + lots of SO stuff to do + another concert in a week =
Ahahaha I'm off for spring break this week
Woo, I get to miss two days of school to go to Europe! Leaving tomorrow at 9 AM; coming back in nine or ten days.
Aw, no way, lucky. Where in Europe?
In the North and Eastern Hemispheres DUH
Sir or madam we do not bash on this forum, so please edit your comment and apologize.
Where? I've been to Rome, which was pretty cool. Have fun!
"http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CD2LRROp ... re=related




some real talent we have here folks, am i right?"
"cheesy pie congrats on joining the lentil site it was made by some girls at my school most of which are in SO
read the guestbook, forums and lentilure the stories are funny"
"I know RIGHT?
trajectoryroxs wrote:
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CD2LRROp ... re=related
some real talent we have here folks, am i right?
I'm so paranoid about getting rickrolled, so I'm not going to click that. However, I am going to assume that it is ""Friday"". In that case Liv, I suggest you go check out my facebook wall."
"OH LAWL. you have nice friends.... how many notifications was that? and, it gets better!

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jNmjqDGn ... r_embedded

first friday, now we have prom night? this is horribly amazing."
I feel so funny for re-watching a show that aired when I was... seven, I think? But we're studying the American Revolution right now in US History, and it just fits so well.
"Fake almost for sure...no artist uses the same tune twice lol

But I posted it back to my friend just to get back at her."
"Yeah...I just found out today that I'm taking it tomorrow. I actually get to miss four whole classes for it.

Edit: Oh yea, I just got home from an orchestra concert. Fun stuff."
"Tomorrow, I have 3 hour math test, then I go home. Half day. So I miss my whole day!

But congratulations and good luck!"
A kids show? Which, Liberty's Kids? I remember that one XD
"States is in two days, our bottle rocket is f(l)ailing, remote is just one big punch in the face. Much more prepared than last year.
Oh, and >75% there of reaching 10,000 posts here."
Isn't bottle rocket b division?
Italy and Switzerland: Lucerne, Rome, Pisa, Florence... the works.
"It's a C trial in glorious NY.
AND STATES STARTS TOMORROW. AJFKLADFJ"
"Good luck on AIME, guys! (You're all so brave! >_<) I'm sure you all will blow that baby away! ^^

Edit: Haha, I just found out my team didn't get last at regionals! xD There were actually full high schools who did worse than us! *bursts our laughing* xD
Pretty big fail on their parts though. (And yes, I'm counting schools who actually showed up)"
Woo, leaving in about half an hour for the airport.
"Thanks, early morning poster

And um...it kind of...blew me away. Kind of. For an AIME, it seemed pretty hard; harder than I remember. Or maybe I'm just tired.

Solved only 7, didn't get a couple geometry ones, so I kind of just drew them to scale and measured"
Haha, that's what I do when I'm lost on the SAT. Amazingly, it actually works despite the "not drawn to scale" warning.
Yeah, I'm dumb. I solved #2 perfectly, then substituted the wrong value at the end, and then I switched the signs on something in #6, and so here I am, sitting on a 4 (worse than I've ever done on AIME), maybe a 5, or 6 if I'm REALLY lucky, and knowing I'm not going to make JMO, and knowing I'll probably never make USAMO, and just sitting here very depressed.
I am finally back from Florida, and man, I had a supercalifragilisticexpialAMAZING time. I came back with some great memories of marching in the electric parade, a few somewhat embarrassing photographs, a handy wand from Hogsmeade, and a bruised nerd-ego. I'll explain more later, but right now I have to clean out all these red beakers on the board index.
"Z's BACK! Oh, you went to Universal?? I'm jealous! I haven't seen the Harry Potter section yet. (Ravenclaw all the way, fyi). We went when they were still building it.

Sorry about the AIME, winner. I'm sure I would have done worse, though. (So don't feel too bad; you could always have my lack of math skills!) Math has never been my strong point. >_<"
"I'm going there during my Spring Break.
Z- please tell me you went to Jurassic Park."
I did go to Jurassic Park.
Bleh...I guessed on all but #1 (yay for no penalty for wrong answers!). I could NOT focus, partly because I seemed to have forgotten any math higher than addition and multiplication, and partly because I was taking the test in the library, where there's a (non-silent) study hall every period.
Good. What should I do when I go to Universal in a few weeks? Any recommendations?
Well, I'm not a thrill-ride person, so your interests may differ from mine. If you're a Harry Potter fan of the slightest degree, you have to go to Hogsmeade. You can buy a lot of the souvenirs there in different places if you look hard enough, so don't suffer the lines for, like, Ollivander's when you can just buy one out in front of the hippogriff roller coaster with no line. You like Jurassic Park, so of course you have to go out there. The water rides in- I think Toon Town- those were quite fun, but I was with a bigger group (and this guy who never swears was cursing like a sailor on one ride- that was entertaining). It's a fun park, you can't go wrong with anything you do there.
"Thanks, early morning poster

And um...it kind of...blew me away. Kind of. For an AIME, it seemed pretty hard; harder than I remember. Or maybe I'm just tired.

Solved only 7, didn't get a couple geometry ones, so I kind of just drew them to scale and measured"
Haha, that's what I do when I'm lost on the SAT. Amazingly, it actually works despite the "not drawn to scale" warning.
Yeah, I'm dumb. I solved #2 perfectly, then substituted the wrong value at the end, and then I switched the signs on something in #6, and so here I am, sitting on a 4 (worse than I've ever done on AIME), maybe a 5, or 6 if I'm REALLY lucky, and knowing I'm not going to make JMO, and knowing I'll probably never make USAMO, and just sitting here very depressed.
I am finally back from Florida, and man, I had a supercalifragilisticexpialAMAZING time. I came back with some great memories of marching in the electric parade, a few somewhat embarrassing photographs, a handy wand from Hogsmeade, and a bruised nerd-ego. I'll explain more later, but right now I have to clean out all these red beakers on the board index.
"Z's BACK! Oh, you went to Universal?? I'm jealous! I haven't seen the Harry Potter section yet. (Ravenclaw all the way, fyi). We went when they were still building it.

Sorry about the AIME, winner. I'm sure I would have done worse, though. (So don't feel too bad; you could always have my lack of math skills!) Math has never been my strong point. >_<"
"I'm going there during my Spring Break.
Z- please tell me you went to Jurassic Park."
I did go to Jurassic Park.
Bleh...I guessed on all but #1 (yay for no penalty for wrong answers!). I could NOT focus, partly because I seemed to have forgotten any math higher than addition and multiplication, and partly because I was taking the test in the library, where there's a (non-silent) study hall every period.
Good. What should I do when I go to Universal in a few weeks? Any recommendations?
Well, I'm not a thrill-ride person, so your interests may differ from mine. If you're a Harry Potter fan of the slightest degree, you have to go to Hogsmeade. You can buy a lot of the souvenirs there in different places if you look hard enough, so don't suffer the lines for, like, Ollivander's when you can just buy one out in front of the hippogriff roller coaster with no line. You like Jurassic Park, so of course you have to go out there. The water rides in- I think Toon Town- those were quite fun, but I was with a bigger group (and this guy who never swears was cursing like a sailor on one ride- that was entertaining). It's a fun park, you can't go wrong with anything you do there.
Heck yes! I used to love it so much, and I guess I still do. It's one of those shows that caters really well to both a younger and an older audience. Plus, the characters are awesome. XD
The best part of that show is the theme song. Everyone loves raps about America's History! :3
"Regionals Saturday! UGH!!!!!
Freaking out"
You have regionals on a weekend?
Yea most states do I think. It just seems so weird having it on a day besides Saturday.
We had ours on a Sunday because it was at a Jewish academy
Weird... I've always had competitions on weekdays, and we get to miss school. My regionals is a week from today.
"Yesterday was Thursday, Thursday - Today is Friday, Friday
We-we-we so excited - We so excited
We gonna have a ball today
Tomorrow is Saturday - And Sunday comes afterwards
I don't want this weekend to end
Yes I had to stay up til 12 AM just to post this first."
"thats the spirit winner!!

Kickin’ in the front seat
Sittin’ in the back seat
Gotta make my mind up
Which seat can I take?

It’s Friday, Friday
Gotta get down on Friday
Everybody’s lookin’ forward to the weekend, weekend
Friday, Friday
Gettin’ down on Friday
Everybody’s lookin’ forward to the weekend

Partyin’, partyin’ (Yeah)
Partyin’, partyin’ (Yeah)
Fun, fun, fun, fun
Lookin’ forward to the weekend"
-facepalm-
"Odd. Ours are always on weekends.
soccerkid812 wrote:
winneratlife wrote:
Yesterday was Thursday, Thursday - Today is Friday, Friday
We-we-we so excited - We so excited
We gonna have a ball today
Tomorrow is Saturday - And Sunday comes afterwards
I don't want this weekend to end
Yes I had to stay up til 12 AM just to post this first.
thats the spirit winner!!

Kickin’ in the front seat
Sittin’ in the back seat
Gotta make my mind up
Which seat can I take?

It’s Friday, Friday
Gotta get down on Friday
Everybody’s lookin’ forward to the weekend, weekend
Friday, Friday
Gettin’ down on Friday
Everybody’s lookin’ forward to the weekend

Partyin’, partyin’ (Yeah)
Partyin’, partyin’ (Yeah)
Fun, fun, fun, fun
Lookin’ forward to the weekend
Oh, and nice, guys. /facepalm

--

I'm very happy because it's about 80 degrees outside right now. So glad to be wearing shorts again--THANK GOD FOR UNSEASONABLY WARM WEATHER!"
my choir teacher showed us this to point out how pathetic it was
^ That song is on my playlist. Right now.
"Randommm (but that's what this thread is about, right??)

haha, if you've got nothing else to do and are into kpop/jpop, check out me and my friend @
http://www.youtube.com/user/1995vietpride"
/me sends 2win a new microphone
dude, i know right? gaaahhhh, i HATE it!
"yea, there are few really good computer mics for a cheap price
you could try changing some of the settings"
Like just got home from a 7 hour rehearsal for a dance performance.
"I want to go to RSI SO BAD NEXT YEAR! >_<

Thus, I woke up at 6am on a Saturday to study for the PSAT."
"...6 AM on a SATURDAY? Somebody's obsessed

But I like your new avatar.
Cheesy Pie wrote:
Like just got home from a 7 hour rehearsal for a dance performance.
Nice! I wish I had dance performances. I wish I'd started dancing earlier too. Alas, I did not."
I have the performance today. I want another French vanilla coffee. Or maybe a French cocoa (hot chocolate + French vanilla)
http://www.scioly.org/phpBB3/viewtopic.php?f=21&t=1967
...Thanks for... sharing? what?
I love french vanilla.
it's funny
...no... it really isn't.
"we've all seen it... I was there when it happened

Cheesy Pie: I totally agree."
all you people who have done this for a while that is plus it was just a random comment
eh...thats because you hate cypert
cypert is awsome
MUST. GET. FRENCH. VANILLA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
My hamster died today. RIP Iggy
Aww. Sorry about that.
I feel like I'm the reason my team didn't make nationals
WHAT?! You did AMAZING! I have the video evidence to prove it!
The Ecology test was so butterfly. There was an error in the answer key (two 61s, yet no 69) and my partner (who has already medaled thrice at states in this) and I might have started to put our answers in shifted down one spot. The test wasn't that difficult - besides the mean carbon time, we knew most of it pretty well. There is no way we got 33rd on that test >.<
"Erm, that's slightly creepy, naps.

And quiz, blaming yourself doesn't make things better. Two years ago at State, my team lost 6th place (which would have been one of our best finishes ever) to Whitehall-Coplay by 3 points. I got 27th place in Elev Bridge that year, and I kept thinking ""What if I had put more just a little more time into this event and just built a slightly better bridge?"" I refused to ever do Elev Bridge again. The next year, with two different people on the event...we did worse. Again, I blamed myself for it...what if I had stuck with the event? What if I had done better? What if, what if, what if.

Don't dwell on the past. What has happened has happened, and blaming yourself definitely doesn't fix it."
I figured out that if I had gotten 1st in all of my events, we would've made states.
"Thanks Naps. We just buried him a moment ago. I named him Iggy after Iggy in Maximum Ride. He was so sweet! *cries*
EASTstroudsburg13 wrote:
I figured out that if I had gotten 1st in all of my events, we would've made states.
We should start a support group for people who aren't making it to Nats. I'll join!"
Wow I never thought I would love Pandora Radio as much as I do.
I was videotaping the awards ceremony for a project, and from where I was sitting and the location of people's heads, I got a lot of Quizbowl going up.
"Went on my first date in a really long time yesterday.
Movies + dinner paid for = totally old fashioned, but I loved it

Plus, changing that relationship status on FB got some pretty interesting reactions."
"I've never been on a date. Is it fun?

On a random note I'm really happy because last night I got my highest ACT math score ever on a practice test! YAY! I hope all of this studying pays off in the fall. PSAT in 204 days, 23 hours, and 3 seconds! Crossing my fingers for NMS this fall!(And RSI in the summer, maybe!)"
At this rate aubrey, I expect you to implode with about 50 days left until the PSAT.
"Haha. I'm sure I will. You should see me the morning of!

@winneratife and soccerkid812: Check this out: http://icanhascheezburger.com/2011/03/2 ... eedfetcher

xD"
What was your score? (on your practice ACT)
"31 ^^ (On the math section. I rarely ever take the other section tests anymore!) I'm terrible at math (it's my absolute worst section) and have never done that well before. I know it's not THAT GREAT, but I'm still quite pleased.

I took it at March2Success.com. It's a pretty good SAT/ACT prep site. (And it's totally free, which makes me happy!)"
I just wish that they would let me use my calculator on the ACT.
"Do you have one of those brilliant, super-high-tech calculators that pretty much does everything except double as a microwave? (I wish I had one)

Because then I understand why they did that."
If you can get 31 on the real one, you're in good shape. They say scholarships begin at 32, but that's inaccurate 'cause it's all relative. And, uh...if you ask me, the math section was the easiest part because it's all stuff you've mastered already, for the most part. But I guess it's different for everyone.
Yeah, I know. But I do WAY better in the other three categories, so I think I'll be okay. I just got to keep working hard! ^^
My avatar is a picture of my calculator.
"An 89? Doesn't look like one...
But 89s are legit. It's like...a cross between a crutch and a drug. Once you start it, you can't live without it, err, you can but with withdrawal."
Voyage 200, which is basically a TI-89 with a bigger screen and full keyboard. It is almost impossible for me to use any calculator without a Computer Algebra System now.
"I run a TI-nspire I got for free at national MathCounts...

The pathetic part? I still haven't gotten around to reading the 100 page manual, so I really can't use it... As such, I don't even know how to graph on it, and it's kind of...bleh."
"Nspires are locked from running assembly programs, which means the only programs you can run on them are official flash applications from Texas Instruments and the calculators' horribly limited built in programming language. There are ways to get around that, however.

The manual is only 100 pages? That is rather small."
that's really good! But for me, math is good point. the science part is eh, mainly because i had bad experience with astronomy back in 7th grade... hehe...
"The date was fun, yeah.

Ughhh, my PSAT score was not up to National Merit Standards."
You found out? Where did you find out the qualifying score?
"Alabama's qualifying score is 210.

http://www.collegeplanningsimplified.co ... Merit.html

I'm considering moving to Wyoming simply to be a NMS. (Qualifying score: 202). Or maybe I should just hop the border to Mississippi. (Theirs is 205!)

*sigh*"
Isn't that last year though? I'm in the class of 2012.
"I know. But it gives you a pretty good idea (ballpark number) of where your qualifying score will be.

I'm class of 2013. Lucky 13"
"Posting during school and such random hours is so much fun XDDD
I love how sites like this aren't blocked, but yahoo answers is. -fail-"
"Yahoo answers is blocked? Gah public schools are so stupid...blocking gaming sites and other shall we say inappropriate sites is one thing, but yahoo answers? That's like restricting our right to pursue knowledge.../end rant.

I don't know how the schools the majority of the kids on this site go to are in terms of the general level of intelligence/common sense, but speaking for myself here, for the sole fact that i am in ""upperclassmen"" classes as a sophomore, half of the upperclassmen in my classes seem to believe i have no life and study all day, which is apparently why i get good grades. It also amuses me that those very kids are the ones who study for hours before every hard test and scrape together Bs...anyway, random frustration rant #2, but i'm sure many of you can relate to this somehow."
In fifth grade the guy who sat next to me liked to game (and his friends did too) and he showed me gaming sites so I started gaming too.
I can relate. As a homeschool kid (sophomore) I take more advanced classes. I do a ton of studying but I have a life too. No one seems to realize that! *sigh*
Sameee, I'm fish in upperclassmen class/sophmore classes, so friends think i spend too much time studying... XD
"I rarely have that problem. Probably because I spend most of my class time talking or cracking jokes. I'm a bit of a class clown.

And then there's that I'm the most active facebooker ever (or one of them)

Define life. If you mean you breathe and eat, sure

JK

*doesn't understand how homeschoolers can have fully active social lives though, and legitimately needs that explained; this isn't an attack or something; please don't be offended*"
"I wrote a long research paper on this...in short:
Proponents of homeschooling say that their children have just as juicy social lives as those in public school. Their reasoning is that they keep their children involved--sometimes moreso than other kids--in activities that foster social interaction, ranging from sports to church work to artsy things to more intellectual pursuits like Science Olympiad.

Now, whether there's truth to that research, you know, may depend on your personal experiences. I personally know two groups of homeschooled families well. One is very, very well connected. I go almost 20 miles away and bump into people who know them from so-and-so activity. On the other hand, their family is fairly weird. The other family I'd describe as completely normal except for not having any idea what public school is like. It depends on case to case, I guess.
Whew. Sorry, this stuff is interesting..."
"42
in disguise"
"So... can anyone help explain to me. Triangular numbers? And if you have like, 5 numbers to choose from and the question is : Which of these cannot be triangular? how would you solve that?

sorry.. dunno where else to put this question. XD"
"The triangular numbers are:

1, 3, 6, 10, 15, 21, 28, 36, 45, 55, etc

1, 1+2, 1+2+3, etc"
"Well set up an equation for the sum of an arithmetic sequence with the first number being and the last being a positive integer . We can do a little sneaky move with the options you are given...here:





Now, this last equation represents all triangular numbers. This equation also reads ""the sum of an integer and square of this integer over 2"". Look at your options, multiply each option by 2 (lets call this number ), and find the closest square to each (it will be the closest square that is less than the number you have at this moment). Now find the square root of this closest perfect square, lets call it .

Does = the number x? If it does, then it's a triangular number. If not, then nope.

Keep in mind, this is useful if you can't use a calculator and the numbers given are fairly large (computing the first 10 or so triangular numbers isn't so bad but after that it just becomes tedious, not hard, but annoying). Now if you did have a calculator, just plug in the equation, and look at the table, with the x variable going up in increments of 1. If the number is a triangular number, it will be in this table."
"Or, you could write a program

But yes, I wasn't thinking very hard when I answered that question, was I?"
Today some insane kid pantsed 3 people, including a girl. Strangely, his punishment was just two lunch detentions!
"Ok, well I do school during the day just like you do, but exceptions CAN be made. For example, once, myself and a few friends saw a movie at 1:30 on a Monday (making sure, of course, to get our work done first). In addition, a lot of kids go to group social or academic activities. These range from science classes to ice cream parties (if their moms allow). I did a lot of classes as a kid and established a really good group of friends, whom I still get together with frequently. (I've known most of them for 9-14 years!) I do ballroom dancing every Friday night (and so do all of my friends.) This is our big social activity for the week. This same group of friends participates in So and Key Club with me. Also I see other people at United Way Youth Leaders Council meetings, and I used to do club and rec. volleyball. So I get out a lot. I also go to slumber parties, etc. al. And I volunteer on Wednesdays a a local science center. In addition I email and call long-distance friends who I've established through an internship last summer.

So yeah, I do have a social life. (And some people I know are more social than me!)"
I don't really get what helicopter parents are trying to do (other than the obvious) but kids need to be independent and learn to motivate themselves to do things. Just saying, im sure a lot of helicopter parents raise great kids, but i can hardly believe it's not annoying for the kid.
SeigeLord is dead
I'm in the exact same situation. Sometimes I almost laugh when they say that... they don't know how much I procrastinate XDDD
"I don't think my parents are helicopter parents really. Yes, they can be very protective (and they are extremely conservative) but they don't do any of my work for me. EVER. I'm very self-motivated, and if I study for a test, it's because I want a good grade and a good GPA--not because my parents are yelling at me to do it.
chia wrote:
lllazar wrote:
I don't know how the schools the majority of the kids on this site go to are in terms of the general level of intelligence/common sense, but speaking for myself here, for the sole fact that i am in ""upperclassmen"" classes as a sophomore, half of the upperclassmen in my classes seem to believe i have no life and study all day, which is apparently why i get good grades. It also amuses me that those very kids are the ones who study for hours before every hard test and scrape together Bs...anyway, random frustration rant #2, but i'm sure many of you can relate to this somehow.
I'm in the exact same situation. Sometimes I almost laugh when they say that... they don't know how much I procrastinate XDDD"
Sorry i wasn't talking about you directly, just made a random comment. But yes, parental involvement is crucial, but the parent is making all the decisions for a teenager, that's too much...
"Wow... the computers at my school are so slow. It took a minute just to load the posting page. Well, more random posting from APES class. I happen to be the only underclassman, which means I am the only one doing things. We are working on a project, and all the seniors around me are looking up actors and commenting on their recent fashion choices and random facts on IMDb . So. I am left. Posting. In the middle of school. What has our education system become?

[/bored rant]"
UUuuuuuuuuuuuuuUUUUuuuuuUUuuuuUUuuuhhh
"I'm not mad, llazar! You don't have to apologize.

My official final answer is that my parents aren't helicopter parents. They let me go across the country to Washington D.C for an internship for almost two weeks alone. In addition they allowed me to fly across the country (for the same internship)to visit the Jet Propulsion Lab in California for a week. Both were amazing. But that's beside the point.

So yeah, they're not too overprotective."
"I heard the best joke last night at Mr. BVHS, a male beauty pagent.

Texas"
I read this 10 minutes ago and im still laughing....but dam do they have good barbecue.
"What?

My parents are Helicopter parents. They are the only parents from my team who showed up at States.
It doesn't really bother me. It's nice to know I have people that care that much about me."
SeigeLord has been gone a long time. He's not dead, he's just not around any more. All of us who have been here for at least some amount of time remembers him... We miss him, but he's not dead.
"On my team, all of our parents show up to regionals to cheer us on.

Also, SiegeLord is NOT DEAD. He was here this January!

http://www.scioly.org/phpBB3/viewtopic. ... rd#p138850

^SEE???"
SeigeLord is as alive as alive can be! He is to awesome to die
Come out to Kansas City and we'll show you how barbecue is really done.
I don't remember wizard of Oz involving any barbecue...
That was before they knew the recipe. Also, if you'll remember, Kansas City isn't in Kansas (though we too have good barbecue on our side of the state line)

"my school computers are quad core 4 gigs ram 3 GHZ...
and we have a scrict admin. everything is locked even the BIOS"
"*thought you liked him though*
paleonaps wrote:
My parents are Helicopter parents. They are the only parents from my team who showed up at States.
It doesn't really bother me. It's nice to know I have people that care that much about me.
I don't want my parents showing up at States >.<

Really, I'm kind of just trying to um, stay away from them?"
"Sankoooo!!!! for real, i've got math uil this saturday XD
sweetcoop wrote:
I heard the best joke last night at Mr. BVHS, a male beauty pagent.

Texas
-.- i take offense. haha, jkkkk, lolz."
April 1st needs to hurry up an get here.
"I find molarity problems in Chemistry oddly calming.

@sweetcoop: you misspelled ""despair"""
"Linux mint is so weeeiiiird... but I like it XD
My mom's computer was being slow, so my dad switched it to Linux, and it's a lot faster, and prettier-looking too"
Just got butterflied at regionals, I'm so cool.
Dezeen is so much fun to browse through... some ideas are really interesting, others are ridiculous but so much fun to think about XD
Some guy on my team slapped another team's mascot at Regionals.
"So uhh guys....i just learned d/dx (e^x) is e^x....my mind is kinda blown...

I started learning calc a week ago and i don't think i've ever liked math more...."
JET LAG IS SO MUCH FUN YOU GUYS, YOU SHOULD TRY IT.
I'm off to... Michigan.
"Calc? Okay, I've got a prob for ya...
Evaluate:

lim sin(x)
n->0 n"
since you're taking the limit as n approaches infinity, x is treated as a constant, so a number being divided by an infinitely small n would approach infinity
"...

Um.

Assuming you meant the limit of sin(n)/n as n approaches zero, it's 1 by L'Hopital's.

If you meant what you wrote...what kind of question is that? o.O"
"Good mathematician-ness, but no. The answer is 6.

EDIT: ^that would work, yes, if it all was in terms of n (or x), but, as you noted, it isn't. I didn't make a mistake writing it."
"/facepalm

That has absolutely nothing to do with calculus...

And the answer is six, not 6..."
I always write it like 6 to make sure people get the joke . Apparently, you've seen it before. Yeah, it irritates people who really enjoy this stuff.
Actually, I hadn't. But I figured that since you were Bdiv, you wouldn't have a clue how to do the actual limit math. So I wrote it down (I never use parenthesis), and facepalmed.
Lol i've seen that before. I didn't even try the problem though cause it made no sense so i assumed my friend (who gave me the problem) was screwing around...
"Don't assume things.

lim sinx/x
x->0

[d/dx (sin(x)]/[d/dx(x)]
cosx/1

Plug it in...
cos(0)/1=1/1=1
It would've been 1 according to L'Hopital's rule IF they were in the same variable. But they weren't, so you gotta use faux-mathematical methods.

I'm just endlessly amused by that problem. It's the only one I can think of that works...like that..."
No the answer is (42 ÷ 7)
"I spent all of Saturday and Sunday (yes, literally, until 9pm) doing SAT/PSAT/ACT math, Chemistry, Spanish, reading Robinson Crusoe (ugh), and writing for school.
I. Just. LOVE. Weekends. *sigh*"
Wow, almost April and it is still snowing here in Colorado.
Same here! I hate this climate. Over spring break Minnesota received 4 inches of snow. >.>
Yeah, we got a inch or two here also...so much for Global Warming, here comes "Climate Change"!
It's actually gotten pretty nice in NY.
elks eat bananas with mock anger
"I'm going to Auburn on Friday to support my brother in his state SO competition!!! (In our area there's no A div. Regionals, only State.)
He's doing Hot Air Balloon, Simple Machines, Can Race, Name That Scientist, and Map Reading (basically Jr. Road Scholar).

I'm ready to cheer him on! ^^"
"Cool, you guys actually have a state-wide Div A competition. I wish my school had had something like that when I was in elementary school. All we got was...actually, I can't remember any science-y competitions that we had.

Also, regarding your event wish list, Astronomy is a serious amount of work, but it's a fun event."
"\

Anatomy was fun but a lot of work. I'll be ready. I'm hoping to get my WIDI partner as an Astro partner next year. She got 4th by herself and I think we'd make a great team.

On a random note my mom was making potatoes and one just literally exploded. How amusing."
"Anatomy was fun but a lot of work. I'll be ready. I'm hoping to get my WIDI partner as an Astro partner next year. She got 4th by herself and I think we'd make a great team.

On a random note my mom was making potatoes and one just literally exploded. How amusing."
I hate a new nick for you : Aubby
a little more then a third of the world live without a toilet
"Hi.

I love BBQ chicken pizza."
"My brother's SO hot air balloon is being inflated as we speak.

Go Nuclear Ninjas! (Yes, that's actually his team name)"
"I'm an only child.

And I love watching bad game shows

________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
I am not a morning person. And never will be."
Nuclear Ninjas FTW.
Yes indeed. (Full credit to my brother for the name, but I did the T-shirts!)
"What do the Nuclear Ninjas and bad game shows have in common?




































They're both epically awesomeful!"
I got a new sig... can't decide whether or not to shrink it
"I say shrink a tad. But just a little.

They played ""Friday"" at my church last night as our weekly goofy video. It was supposed to be a joke because they're having a wild/inane all-nighter on Friday night. (I'm obviously not going, because a) I'm not the party-all-night-and well-into-the-day type, and b)I'm leaving for my brother's State SO division A competition!)

I hate that stupid song...

Ohh! Check this out: http://www.fictionalmaterials.com/"
Nuclear Ninjas pwn all!!!!!!!!
Am I the only one here who doesn't like the name? I, uh...would've gone for like Nuclear Aliens or something...I dunno, probably that I don't see what makes ninjas so cool to begin with.
MOO
Maybe smoothing the text would make it look a bit better also (anti-aliasing )
ALL HAIL THE NEW MODS. Congrats robotman/starpug. The cool trumpet fanfare I'm listening to now? That's for you guys.
"How many mods do we need?
Seriously, though, congrats to both of you."
How can I make the background invisible? I made it in photoshop, after the whole 300 character max kept getting in the way, so I can't anti alias
"Which part invisible?
you should be able to in Photoshop select the layer and go to Blending Options than in the Default Tab change teh General Opacity and the Fill Opacity till you get what you want"
Well, I'm signing off now... next time you see me I'll be either depressed or overjoyed. Here's to the latter.
that's not the issue. I know how to make it transparent in photoshop, but I don't know how I would save it so that it would retain transparency on the internet.
"Oh ok
just save it as a .png and the transparancy and quality will be preserved"
Congrats robotman on becoming a mod
"Congrats, guys!

Division A states tomorrow! Leaving this afternoon! Yay! (I love watching SO)"
"*wishes he had a wild all nighter to go to tonight*
zyzzyva98 wrote:
Well, I'm signing off now... next time you see me I'll be either depressed or overjoyed. Here's to the latter.
z's asking a girl out what?"
...Or, you know, he has state tomorrow.
"Ohdoeshereally?

Good luck Z!

Ahahaha and I was kidding koko >.< Making fun of him, par usual."
Today, I was fooled by my team. I walked in, and sat down, got a piece of matza and started talking with one of my partners. My coach, said he had some interesting news. He said that the experimental for states was online and he found it! It was, actually an experimental from a solon invitational, but I didn't know this. The experimental was "perform an experiment on the effect basal friction on the speed of a glacier"!! I was freaking out, but then, out of nowhere, my team said "April Fools". I'm known as the gullible, drama queen on my team
"Congrats robotman!

Hahaha, today was fun. Happy April 1st everyone!

P.S. did you know? In France, they go around sticking fish-shaped sticky notes on each other's back to see if the other notices... LOLZ"
Wow. That was unexpected. According to some Yahoo article I just read, the best state to live in is North Dakota.
"According to my brain (very reliable source), the best state to live in is NOT North Dakota. It is Michigan.
Please do not argue with the truth."
I went to an all-nighter yesterday (as a fundraiser for the 4 Diamonds)...6 PM to 6 AM. I only just woke up.
it isn't an all nighter if you sleep in the morning
Yesterday, I fooled at least 13 people by changing my status on Facebook to say that I got accepted to Harvard... I'm a junior.
"I totally knew that it was a April Fool's joke.... totally.

(wouldn't be too surprised if you did though )"
My computer was being annoying. I was getting not able to display the webpage messages, and I had to log in, like, 5 times to get to my "View my posts" page .
"College decisions are so erratically weird when you get to the toughest schools in the nation....my friend, a USAMO qualifier sophomore year, and last year got 25 points on the test (42 max, but 25 is still insanely good) and will this year do who knows how well as a senior, got rejected from MIT....now, he also this year became an Intel Science Fair Semifinalist (top 40 or something out of 1800 very competitive projects) and he is also at the top of his class at a very competitive public high school in California....in fact, this year, all the classes he's taking this year are at a university, because he finished his high school's core math and science curriculum.

And you might be thinking he's not well rounded....he is an AMAZING pianist, a very kind guy who could probably get a good recommendation out of a teacher after being in that teacher's class for a week, and i'm sure his essays were fine. He also volunteers a lot, going on trips with his Church to help those in need...Now i don't want to make a wall of text here so im not going to point out every single achievement of his, but i'm sure that fist paragraph should make enough of an impression...o, and he got a 2370 on his SAT.

Now you can argue all you want about how competitive MIT is and what not but if you know anything about how competitive USAMO is, and how difficult the test is, a 25 as a junior requires hard work and problem solving skills WELL beyond those of the average MIT applicant. Point and case, this guy was a great person, and will most likely succeed regardless of where he goes (turns out he actually got accepted to Harvard and Stanford....) but it just freaks me out that such an applicant would get rejected ANYWHERE for his undergrad."
"I'm not surprised.

I know, probably even more than you, just how competitive USAMO is.

I know how hard a 25 is.

But you forget how small USAMO actually is on the scale of apps, and how little MIT will really care about your actual score on the test. I mean, sure, it's significant, actually, one of my friends who got into MIT on early app actually told me that making USAMO with my current abilities would tip me in, but there are a ton of other factors that go into it as well. GPA (obviously), APs (obviously), and then there's location. They take x amount from each state, I believe, and so he got owned because he lived in Cali.

You also claim that he's well rounded. How so? Piano and math put together doesn't make you well rounded."
"The first bit is true. I'm probably at an advantage, in fact, because I come from the Midwest.
And haha to the second part. Piano and math put together just makes you Asian.

But really, schools like MIT and Harvard and Stanford are crapshoots, admissions-speaking. People with 2400 SAT's and 4.0 GPAs get denied every year. You can never predict it. But congrats to him for Harvard and Stanford, that's really amazing."
I want to go to Harvard or Yale. And I probably have no chance.
"All right man, unless you want me to ask him for a copy of his app and post it on here, i don't really know how much more you want me to post. I was just pointing out some remarkable achievements assuming you would understand that his GPA, test scores, APs, w/e other numbers, were all perfect or close to perfect. And i'm not saying Piano + Math makes him well rounded, he obviously does other things, these are just a few things in which he performs at an exceptional level.

I do agree that being in Cali killed him though...however it is definitely a surprise that he got rejected.

Considering my senior friend from my school, who hasn't done nearly as much and is in no way a special case (URM, financially disadvantaged, first gen college) got in.

And finally, i really would just like to say that the USAMO isn't just a test score. It is a measure of the amount of hard work and determination you've put in to achieve so much in something you are passionate about. Screw the test score, screw how you were ranked compared to others, doing so well on the USAMO is DEFINITELY something weighted as an impressive extra curricular.

Sorry if i sound like an a**, i don't mean to, you have completely valid and true points, but looking at the kinds of people who do get in, and then at some of the people who don't, it just doesn't make sense sometimes."
When I (finally) get to the age to go to college, I want to go to Northwestern, Harvard, Yale, or Stanford.
Just got home from an absolutely amazing high school performance of Phantom of the Opera. Why can't my school's musical be this awesome? (Not that my school's musical was bad...it just wasn't quite as spectacular.)
"You know at your age? I still haven't the faintest idea, and I'm a sophomore.
Hmmm... where did that college thread go?"
To... Land of teh Missing Threads!
come now, she narrowed it down to four of the top ten (15?) in the country. That is reasonable for middle school, because it doesn't matter what you want to do, so much as where you want to.
If I don't get into an Ivy (which would be fine except it would hurt my pride, especially after people in my Chemistry class told me that I'm the only one out of all of them who will) I might want to go to University of Chicago, or Maryland, or maybe give up science and go to the SVA in Vancouver.
"I'd LOVE to attend NYU (I find basically everything about it attractive). That's my big one (but highly unlikely due to their financial stinginess) I'm not as interested in Harvard or Yale. Too . . . cliche. Everyone on the planet seems to want to attend Harvard, which negatively alters my opinion of the institution. Honestly I'll probably end up at Auburn University. (I follow the free money . . . I mean scholarships)

Speaking of Auburn, I just got back from division A states (held at Auburn). My brother got bronze in Hot Air Balloon! His first SO medal! ^^ YAY! But the whole judging situation was ridiculous. The balloons were judged on aesthetics, height, and duration. The event was held outside. The wind was really kicking up at the beginning of the day, sending the two winning balloons hundreds (perhaps even thousands) of feet into the air. By the time we got to the event (about 2PM) there was no wind. My brother's balloon did amazing, but would have done better had there been a wind. It got stuck in a tree."
"I love how you talk about USAMO like I haven't put in a huge portion of the last 3 years of my life trying to just qualify

But I also recognize that USAMO IS a test score, more than anything else, really.

Have I told you my 8th grade story? 138 AMC10, I solved 10 on the AIME, but I misbubbled (mixed like 3 up or something) and brute forced one wrong (left out 1 trivial case) and I think I overlooked a case in another. That cost me USAMO.

Last year: I should've made JMO, but my school forgot to send in AIME scores.

This year: I'm pretty sure I don't have a hope in the world; the test was just hard.

You have to recognize that in math, people have good days, and then they have bad days. And considering that, unlike the SAT, the USAMO comes once a year, and on top of that you have to not get unlucky on any of the tests preceding it, how you do on USAMO is perhaps influenced more than any standardized test, by luck. Standarized tests are fairly predictable: It's going to have reading, math, and english. The reading will test your knowledge on passages; there will be questions about content, and questions about more subtleties. Math has 30+ questions; you can be reasonably sure that they will cover basic algebra, basic geometry, and probably elementary probability. There will be some graph reading as well. English will be, well, a grammar test.

USAMO, on the other hand, has 6 questions. If one year the test writers wrote a bunch of really good combinatorics/probability questions, and your strong point is that you are a very competent geometrer, then you just got screwed. If they wrote 3 geometry problems and that's your weak point, you just got screwed.

On the other hand, if you spent the past 2 weeks learning how to prove relatively complex inequalities, and there's 4 on USAMO, and let's say you just learned Jensen's the night before the test, and there's a proof based on Jensen's, then you just pulled 6 points right off that one bit of luck.
aubrey048 wrote:
Honestly I'll probably end up at Auburn University. (I follow the free money . . . I mean scholarships)
http://collegeprowler.com/rankings/guys/

Auburn gets an A+"
"WE ARE THE STATE CHAMPIONS*

*In Sounds of Music.

:/"
"Well, for one, Phantom is just spectacular in itself. Two, their school might put more emphasis on the arts and has more money budgeted for the musical than yours might. And it usually takes a great ensemble to make a great show, so it might be that. Then again, I don't really know your school's situation, I'm just throwing potential explanations out there.

Our school did Les Mis this year. We won best overall musical with Secret Garden last year in our area (which is like two or three counties, not huge), and this year was slightly better. Our school emphasizes music a lot though."
Yeah, CV definitely puts a lot more money/effort into their musicals than we do (they even made a chandelier, suspended it from the ceiling, and crashed it into the stage). Plus their school is ~2500 kids and we're around 1100, so they have a bigger talent pool and more people to help "behind the scenes". Not to mention that they have an actual orchestra pit....I'm jealous.
I'm going on TV again tonight!
"""again?""

I'm taking another math test. :/ Math is REALLY not my thing.

@winneratlife: Haha. Very funny. NOW I'M SOLD!!! (not)"
"Math is mine.

And YOU SHOULD BE!"
I'm trying to convince my parents to let me go to IMSA in 9th grade.
...so you're one of them. One kid I knew went to IMSA and loved it. The other one...went and got kicked out because academics wasn't his thing .
My Panda Express fortune cookie said, "You are a connoisseur of food and drink."
"Fail!!! And on failblog, I saw a fortune cookie that said ""failure is the path of lease persistence.""
I also once got 2 fortunes in one cookie."
where you go to school, i wouldn't say that out loud
Quarter sized hail is hitting my house at a disturbingly fast pace.
I wasn't aware that fluidic space had hail, much less quarter sized. In fact, it contains much of nothing...
"Well last year at around the beginning of April we had hail bigger than golf balls coming down fast.
Damage Report:
Dads Truck - has huge dents
Shingles - completely destroyed or damaged (insurance companies payed for new roofs)
grass - dead
tree branches - broken
everything loose - blown away to never be seen again"
"We do have accurate simulations of Earth, you know.
Littleboy wrote:
Well last year at around the beginning of April we had hail bigger than golf balls coming down fast.
Damage Report:
Dads Truck - has huge dents
Shingles - completely destroyed or damaged (insurance companies payed for new roofs)
grass - dead
tree branches - broken
everything loose - blown away to never be seen again
Remind me to never move to Michigan."
TheGenius, never move to the world's best state, Michigan.
I already occupy the world's best state. It is not Michigan.
It is Calculator Land (like your avatar). What state are you from?
The thirty-fourth.
"Kansas!
Michigan gets less tornados
Michigan > Kansas
(Z, if you are reading this, please move on and forget that I wrote this.)"
Simulation of Kansas inside fluidic space > all else
Severe storms here; expected hail. All of my activities have been canceled. :/
Oh Yes, It feels good to be back.
In 2005, our house got struck by lightning.
Tornado right now.
0.0
"Flooding, lightning, thunder, etc.
I had somewhere to go tonight.
STUPID TORNADO!"
Are you okay?
"Haha, tornadoes form right above my house all the time. I stand outside and watch them. *shrugs* Still, I'm sorry about that, Aubrey.

As for my daily random comment, I made it past the first round of National Honor Society selections! Yes!"
"No.
FullMetalMaple wrote:
As for my daily random comment, I made it past the first round of National Honor Society selections! Yes!
Lol I get emails from them all of the time. It costs money, right?

I missed the Math Honor Society by one point, as per usual. Last year it was percentile-based, and I missed it by 1 percent."
No... it's not one of those things you get emails for all the time. It's a school-based organization for people who have outstanding involvement and service (read: SciOly and dance) records. Honestly? I think I'm just getting this far because my English teacher is in charge and she really wants me to get in. XD
/me goes to look up how to be in the National Honor Society.
I don't know if a homeschooler would be able to get in...
"I think there was something about it in there. If homeschoolers can't, that would explain why I never heard anything about it until I started high school.
EDIT: Nope, they can't. I really hate that."
My hand is a dolphin
"They (I) can't. Darn.

There's a National Hone School Honor Society though (unaffiliated) which I am a part of."
I'd think that's just as good, though.
"Ah, but is it a Portkey?
OBSCURE REFERENCE NOTHING TO SEE HERE PLEASE MOVE ON.
aubrey048 wrote:
Lol I get emails from them all of the time. It costs money, right?
NHS is not one of those scam things like NHSSHS (or whatever the heck it's called, but I did get a letter from them). It's somewhat legit. I have to do 20 hours of service per semester (not terribly difficult) for it."
20? Heck, service hours are part of my grade in certain classes. Ugh.
Those annoy the heck out of me on a daily basis and are obviously spam. I get these Stanford law school ones too, also blatant spam. (You can tell because I have no interest in law school and said as much on the PSAT)
"Ha, sucks for you. I mean - it is good that you are required to help the community. We should all be doing that.
aubrey048 wrote:

Those annoy the heck out of me on a daily basis and are obviously spam. I get these Stanford law school ones too, also blatant spam. (You can tell because I have no interest in law school and said as much on the PSAT)
Well, I wouldn't say that. Camps can be scams, but they can also be pretty cool - I've had tons of fun at CTD and CSSI."
"You get those too? The only reason they'd know I have an interest in law (though not at all as a career) is because I took a law class last semester, but that's not on my PSAT or anything.
Kokonilly wrote:
Ha, sucks for you. I mean - it is good that you are required to help the community. We should all be doing that.
It usually only sucks when you don't turn in your record of your hours and get 10% off your grade. Fortunately, I always do my hours in the summer."
Lol I have like 60 service hours so far. My volunteer club requires 30.
I was in NJHS. I went to a meeting, like, once.
Hahaha. One reason I'm interested is because most of my SciOly team is in NHS. That's... probably my biggest reason. Plus, it probably looks good. *shrugs*
Such is high school.
Hi
Hi
Haifulness
I win.
"Pretty sure I just lost a writing contest.

ARGH"
Oh, that reminds me, in a few weeks I'll be a published writer
Do you mind if I burn your book?
Well, I'm not the only one published in it >.>
Just dominated an electricity and magnetism physics test. Shout of to my second most favorite physicist, James Clerk Maxwell!
"As in a novel? Or a newspaper article?
If novel, then... HOORAY OMG CONGRATS!
If article, then . . . cool. I've been published about 7 or 8 times too, then."
"Grr. I gotta stop doing homework and write.
My friend has written about 4 books. He is still editing them, but one day may be an incredibly famous writer."
It's poetry. I'm nowhere close to being done with my novel... I have incredibly bad work ethic when it comes to writing.
Yeah, I cannot write any work of fiction longer than five pages.
"I used to want to be one of those kids who writes a novel in middle/high school. Then I realized that I'd barely make any money, few people would read it, my writing skills aren't sophisticated enough to write anything of value (at least by my high standards), and I have much better things to spend my time on. I'm waiting until I'm good enough to write something that people will actually enjoy instead of just meaningless crap.
</excuse>"
"Double post, sorry.

Okay, so despite what I said in the previous post, some of these posts have made me want to pick up one of my old plots again (I know, I'm a hypocrite). I'd love advice, just don't steal it:

An intelligent man, who, due to some sort of accident, was stranded somewhere alone for a period of time, returns to society (sometime in the future) with obvious psychological trauma. He builds a simple robot and believes it has artificial intelligence, despite it only being able to perform menial mechanical tasks. The basic plot centers around his mind becoming more ""robotic"" and simple due to his trauma/mental condition, while at the same time his robot appears, to him, to become more human.

I'd obviously have to make it more complex, but that's just the basic idea."
Seriously? Wow, that's amazing! Congrats. I have two books of my own, but it's a long story as to how those came to be. (Ever heard of NaNoWriMo?)
Yep. Was going to do that, then procrastinated. Are they published?
"I've done it twice. My first year, I had to write 30,000 words in five days to finish, and I somehow did. Last November, I got a little over 65,000 words. It's really fun if you want to try to do it again.

Not exactly. I did the thing where if you won, you got a free proof copy of your book. I used that coupon both times, so I have two ""books,"" one an anthology, the other a novel by itself. The first chapter of the one I wrote this year is on the Internet, though I don't know if you'll want to read it or not..."
it says he's dead on his site http://slabode.exofire.net/about_me.shtml
Where does it say that?
"I've written a novel and three quarters. I will be writing my third this summer.
I just shared the Prologue of my second book with my mom last night. She said she loved it and seemed to be impressed, which is not an easy thing to achieve with her in regards to writing (she has an English degree). So basically that made my day! ^^ I'm so overprotective of my concept that I won't share basically ANY of it on here. Not that I don't trust you guys in particular (@the active sciolyers) but random people could read this too. I don't want a concept that I've fallen in love with to get stolen. *waaah!*

But I may tell select people select bits of info if I'm PM'd questions.

My first novel (started at age 11, finished at age 13. Yes I know I'm slow) was stupid and only about 40,000 words. It will remain unpublished. I'm about 75% done with my current one as I said earlier. I love my current concept *pats self on back* and will work to get it published. I get the distinct feeling I'm on to something this time."
he says he's left scioly
I think he's making a joke.
did you know that more people die in elevators than from sharks?
"That's awesome. I'm glad your mom likes it!

I've been writing since I could read, I suppose, but I started writing ""novels"" when I was eight. I'm glad you feel as if you're going somewhere, since I haven't worked on a novel for a while. School's taking up too much time, but I did start writing something autobiographical in my trig class today, just because I've never written in that style before.

In other news, I had my NHS interview today and talked about my novels. BUT, for some reason, I don't think I mentioned SciOly at all, even though one of my coaches was interviewing me. I feel very despondent and disappointed for not talking about it more. Plus, I accidentally gave a completely random answer, but I still had to back it up."
Writing is weird for me... I'm unorthodox about how I feel when other people read it. I won't let anyone read it if they ask me to, and I'm not the type that will go out asking people to read it. When people do read my work and say they like it, I often feel like they're "just saying that" even though they probably aren't. I'm only really satisfied when someone tells me what I need to do to get better, what to do to polish my writing.
"I used to be that way - and still am, to a degree. In fact, that's one reason I hate writing for journalism class (well, that and the fact that I have to go spend hours watching sports I don't understand). Since I started posting my writing on different writing websites, however, I've gotten past it. I've grown immensely from some of the critiques I've been given. I used to have a weird style where I deliberately wrote with inversion and O. Henry-style vocabulary. Don't ask; I'm still trying to forget it.

By the way, Z, this is one of the most random questions I've ever asked anyone, but are you left-handed?"
"I am, in fact, left-handed. Remarkable perception.

Per usual, bonus points to whoever recognizes my avatar sans reverse image search"
Agg...I can't figure out ANY of your recent avatars. Can you explain the red and the former blue one?
"I figured it out because when I saw you at state, I noticed you wore your watch on your right wrist. I do that too, and everyone thinks I'm left-handed because that's not typical of right-handed people. Strangely enough, one of my life goals is to be ambidextrous.

...Can I have a hint? I think I recognize it. Does anyone know where my avatar is from? I doubt it."
Here's your hint: This is the third month in a series of avatars I'm running based off board games. Only the good ones though, no Monopoly.
"When you said that, I seriously thought Albertaopoly. That's how Canadian I am.

But man, I haven't played board games in forever. I'll give it some thought."
"Whoo! I'm left handed too. Gauche people UNITE!
FullMetalMaple wrote:
Strangely enough, one of my life goals is to be ambidextrous.
Eh...same here for some reason"
That's right, we just had an epic mario fight on chat. And you missed it.
Uhh, so im playing Pokemon Yellow on my Game Boy Color from like 16.8 Billion years ago...oh the memories. Pokemon never gets old
[*]I'm happy I saw a wood duck[/u][/i][/b]
On Pandora Radio, I have a station for Heartless by Kanye West, and they played the Gummy Bear Song on it!
thats cool, but isn't it a little early? I have only seen geese and robins around here
I see geese(FTL), robins, and mallards. We have a bunch of ponds near where I live.
"Yeah, I get weird feelings about it too. It's different than a typical writing assignment for me--in that case someone tells you to write about something and you do it. No worrying about the topic. With writing a novel it's different: you came up with the idea by yourself for no particular reason, and that tells a lot about who you really are. I feel weird telling people what it's about (I've only told two people). I wonder what they'll think. And if people ask to read it I'm kind of flattered but I refuse politely 9/10 of the time. If people have read it and say they like it (one person) I am inclined to think that they're just being polite. My mom insisted multiple times that she liked it (and she's almost impossible to impress!). I believed her in the end.
Ah, constructive criticism. Well, I like the good and bad. When i ask for critique I want what I did right (so I can keep doing it) and what I messed up (so I can fix it).
FullMetalMaple wrote:
I used to be that way - and still am, to a degree. In fact, that's one reason I hate writing for journalism class (well, that and the fact that I have to go spend hours watching sports I don't understand). Since I started posting my writing on different writing websites, however, I've gotten past it. I've grown immensely from some of the critiques I've been given. I used to have a weird style where I deliberately wrote with inversion and O. Henry-style vocabulary. Don't ask; I'm still trying to forget it.
I have a unique writing style, but it's nothing that really messes around with grammar. My main problem seems to be an inordinate fondness for commas.

Edit: I just reached 40,000 words! Yay! ^^"
Strange, so am I. I've also noticed that a disproportionate percentage of my friends (who are mostly science/math/music geeks) are left-handed.
I'm a righty.
Me too!
As am I. Most sciencey people I've met are right-handed.
"That's because most people in general are right-handed.
Like me."
Well, I read somewhere that there's a correlation between left-handedness and artsiness, but that just might be my own experience.
Yeah, I think the right part of your brain is artsy and it controls your left hand.
Well I am a lefty but by no means artsy.
yeah, I am a righty and I am artsy... correlation does not imply causation
"I'm artsy AND sciencey.

I'm writing an article for the local newspaper right now. IT'S ABOUT SCIENCE OLYMPIAD! I'm the only one on the Teen Staff nerdy enough to pick it as a topic."
Psh, amateur. I'm catchin' them all on my own vintage game boy color with Red, Blue, AND Yellow. Get to my level
"I have recently replaced the internal batteries on my Yellow, Silver, and Crystal. I also own blue and gold, but I ran out of batteries, my brother has Red if I really wanted it.
My original green gbc works like a charm as well, Nintendo makes some pretty robust hardware."
Your last one wouldn't be Scotland Yard, would it?
That is correct. I did a bit of editing with it, so the title wouldn't be seen. This one is taken directly from the game's cover.
So i realized i have almost 800ish posts...craaaazy
"I'm pretty artsy too... I can draw.
And lllazar, I have almost 1000."
...So, not over 9000.
and i have … well just look for yourself …
I wish. I think the forum will change again before anyone is over 9000.
What, over 900.0?
Woo, I'm not a lone spammer anymore. Hopefully someone will overtake me eventually.
There are still only two of us East >.>
LOL, woah, first time i notice how many posts you have XD
That's impossible!
"Me too! That's awesome.
I had a very interesting three hours of dance practice. ""Interesting"" meaning I passed out."
"What does paleonaps say about his post count?
""It's over ONE THOUSAND!!!!"""
"Not yet it's not.
EDIT: Now it is."
Oh really?
"No it is 1000!!
Mine is like *checks* 227"
"@ z: check this out xD. http://thesaurus.com/ (Click on the image with the bugs)

I have something around 225 posts I think. /me checks. This is kind of a dumb thing to talk about, seeing as we all can plainly see each other's post counts.

*listening to A Rush of Blood to the Head* I LOVE THIS SONG!"
"I know you directed that towards Z, but I love thesauruses, so I looked at it... and man, that's really funny. XD

Also, my dance company started practicing this morning for our big spring performance... and I have to dance an entire pointe dance with a giant knife\spoon\fork that's bigger than I am. What."
My dance company is not that insane. But I, in fact, feel hated. I'm almost always in the back, and I never get any solos, sectionals, or say.
"It's less frightening if you realize our dance is ""Be Our Guest"" from Beauty and the Beast. I am a utensil. I get to dance in the front. YAY.

Trust me, I understand that. Dance is awful sometimes. Are you just taller than everyone else? I used to be really tall comparatively, but now that I'm much shorter, I'm in the front more often. Actually, this is my eleventh year of dance, but I only recently started getting solos and special sections. I'm sure things will improve for you. Which types of dance do you do?

Besides, I'm not dancing anymore after this. My instructors are completely awful about SciOly, and... yeah. >_>"
"I'm 5'0"". I'm on the taller end, but there are people taller than me always in the front - but I'm probably better than them! And our formations have very little to do with height.

I do ballet, jazz, and company. If I don't get into IMSA, I'm doing lyrical."
"Huh, I'm three inches taller and on the shorter end. I know how you feel, though! That seems to happen to me a lot - and to a lot of other people. One of our dancers who's won all kinds of major awards and is taller than quite a few people is in the back in some of our dances. I don't get it, either, especially since everyone really likes her.

Do you just dance flat ballet or pointe? I dance pointe, jazz, slipper ballet, lyrical, and unofficially hip-hop. I say ""unofficially"" because I don't take hip-hop classes, but some of my jazz dances overlap into hip-hop."
Flat ballet. I'm only in Ballet 3.
"Then I'll warn you that, though pointe is awesome, your feet will never be the same after you do it for a while. I'm in my third year of it, and my feet are permanently messed up. But as I said, it's really fun. Once you start turning... you sort of don't stop. XD

Do you dance competitively?"
No. My teacher is against it. After all, I've got other things, like SciOly!
"Yeah, dancing competitively can sometimes be crazy. I understand about SciOly - it conflicts so badly with dance that I just won't do it next year (dance, not SciOly). Last year, I actually had a dance competition and an invitational on the same day... and I made it to both. XD

I will say that doing competitive solos is a really great experience, though. Except when you do one when you're really sick. I'm still mad at my choreographer for that. XD"
If we're really sick, we just don't go to dance.
I wish I could use that as an excuse. I have to go no matter what, though we sometimes get to sit out if we're really that sick. But not always, which would explain why I've been dancing for a while with a mysterious back injury.
"They considered SciOly valid.
Anyway, currently listening to my currently favorite song, Stronger."
"What. Though I will admit that I did get off for state without a fight. I skipped for regionals because they wouldn't let me off, and it got nasty fast... XD

I'm listening to different songs we're doing our recital dances to. Our lyrical dance is to a really cool remix of Crash Into Me."
"I finally figured out why the Math Honor Society is called Mu Alpha Theta.

Mu = M
Alpha = A
Theta = TH

Only took me what, a couple months to realize this? >.<"
Nice job, Aldebaran.
"I spoke too soon. ^^ Yay! Honorable Mention! (I've lost so many competitions recently than even Honorable Mention thrills me)
Quite frankly I thought my story sucked. I wrote it the night before the deadline and complained about what I produced openly. But I guess the judges liked it..."
Congrats! Honorable Mention is really great, especially if you haven't been doing so well lately. I haven't entered any writing contests in ages, mostly because I can't find any. Except for this one contest I used to write for a lot, but if I win, I can't enter the next month. Aw...
"Well, today I was sassy for a little more than an hour.

I hate you, winner."
Aw, I'm sorry, Koko. I was really tempted to respond to that first clue, but I actually don't play the assassinator games...
"""It may not be particularly wise,
But it's a thrill to be in disguise""

I hope you enjoyed it while it lasted Koko."
"I am now stuck trying to figure out how to put everything we just studied in my biology class into a story written in Darwin's point of view.

What in the world was I thinking when I said I'd do that for my project? >_>"
"Thanks, FMM! I've done better in the contest before, but this has REALLY not been my year. It was a very nice surprise! ^^ My story is Sci-fi . (OF COURSE!) It's called ""Number Nine."" (I love my vague title)
Kokonilly wrote:
Well, today I was sassy for a little more than an hour.

I hate you, winner.
Lol I saw that. Couldn't participate because I was at church though. I'm terrible at solving clues but great at coming up with them though. Thus I don't speak up in the Assassination games very often.
And no, I wasn't spamming. I really thought the 'Sassy was winner. But I also thought he could be Fm. Of course I didn't mention that though! /facepalm"
I seem to be the only one I know that follows MLS. Go Union!
I do...except during break when I have hangouts and (*gasp*) APs...which means not really recently
You're very welcome. I haven't written near as well this year, either. :\ I still regard a piece I wrote last July as the best thing I've ever written. I like that title, too. Sometimes titles that are more vague are better because they're more open to interpretation. And am I one of the few writers on this forum who doesn't write that much sci-fi? My main genres are philosophical fiction, supernatural thrillers, and - though I hate to admit it - romance. XD I've written all three together before, too.
"Go... Sporting KC... (I liked the Wizards better, but w/e)

Yeah, we got Chad Ochocinco. That clearly makes us the best team in the league, no?"
I don't really follow it, but I do enjoy watching games if I have the time. I always watch the World Cup, though: it's too awesome to be missed.
The key to being the assassin in the assassination games is to be careful to not reveal yourself in any way except for identity clues that are hard to solve. So long as the officers don't think that you are the assassin, you can play a long game and "kill" players when the officers incorrectly or fail to solve a kill clue.
No, really?
Captain Obvious to the rescue!
Achoo! My compy caught a virus, so until I get that fixed, I guess I'm taking a vacation from here. Right now I'm posting on my sister's computer, but I don't like to intrude, so, time for lots of boredom, I guess.
Z, thanks, I think I just caught that virus because I'm technically too sick to go to school today. XD But I'm going anyway - my mom never lets me stay home sick.
Wow, I'm sick too. I actually got sick at States.
"REALLY?
Anyway, I can't write any kind of fiction whatsoever."
So my bro and I were discussing about how this is a website for nerds. And I just tell him this is a website for the gifted and talented.
You see, when I talk to my friends about this chatroom I sit in, I call it "smart people chat"
"Pun I came up with

A guy is moving his lips, but not talking. A second guy says that he can't read lips. A third guy writes ""I fail"" on the first guy's mouth and says, ""now you can."""
Three people went to the salon at noon. They got their hair cut.
That's amazing.
Nice.
You mean MOSTLY smart people chat.
"Oh, yeah, winner's there.

ZING"
Ohnoyoudidn't
I'm sorry. Just had to say that.
"OhyesIdid

(gah why did that take so long >.< my computer is slow)"
"*points out that it takes smart people to guess out smart sassys*

OHYESIDID."
"IT IS ON.

LIKE DONKEY KONG."
On and Kong don't actually rhyme. And that's kind of lame, Koko.
"Koko says that you fail.

And that ""on like Donkey Kong"" is quite common."
I know. I've heard it before.
"And that's why it's called Your Daily RANDOM Comment. Which we tend to diverge from nowadays.

Hi."
robotman is catching up to you in post count east and z is catching up to robot
...and I overtook him, but I was ignored in your comment.
ANNNDDD nobody cares. Or at least, it shouldn't matter.
"I will profess that I do care.
When I first started being active here, I instantly respected those with high post counts. So I sought to be respected, and I pledged to make a high count for myself.
I have accomplished my goal."
"Post count doesnt matter
especially when you post things like this

or
paleonaps wrote:
I assume this is a Rock Band tournament, right?"
Pwned.
"Point taken
I never said that these people actually deserved respect. Only that I assumed they did.
ALSO: I STILL HAVE NO IDEA WHAT THE BATTLE OF THE BANDS IS."
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Battle_of_Bands
we won WYSE... but no one but IL people know what that is...
I understand, but they expect US to participate in that?
"Also, they expect GB, PRC, and USSR.
Sorry, that was bad. Even for me."
"/me gets his hatchet.

Yes. Yes it was."
/shoots Koko's avatar with AK47.
Ha, my avatar is already dead.
"I feel like such a creep, but your avatar is AWESOME.
Hahaha, DFTBA!"
wut
My thoughts exactly.

"I'm assuming you get the reference

No one else gets it :'[ I got scared for a moment that I was going crazy and no one knew what I meant.."
So would you say that it would be a good idea to start freaking out if it is 5 days from the State Comp and your team has yet to get their sumo bot done, they don't even have an RC car that operates on 3 different frequencies. And yet I am not really that worried because three of my events at regionals were in the top 10.
Freaking out over SciO is never a good idea. Then again, that's my opinion, and look where that got me...
And I would probably actually be freaking out more if my team actually had a chance to make it to Nats, but that will never happen.
"But of course.

Well, that's two sassy games started and ended in two days. Good game to luo and everyone who didn't die.
Oh wait, that's everyone. Well, at least the clues weren't too easy."
"I was wrong again. I entered the writing contest I mentioned earlier in tow categories (short story and poem) and won something in each! ^^

Short story: Honorable Mention

Poem: ??? (They won't tell me for some reason... will find out at awards ceremony... May 1st)

Pretty good considering the fact I disliked both my entries at the time I turned them in, one written the night before and the other the morning of the deadline!

I'm so happy!^^"
"You should be happy. ^_^ That's great for you! I'm actually quite excited for you and to hear how well your poem did. I really need to start writing in contests again...

I'm at home sick right now, but I have to go to school for the second half of the day so I can take my bio test. Yay..."
It's funny how I'm on Spring Break, and the only person I ever see who's on during the day (when everyone else is at school) is Aubrey....
I really dislike having substitute teachers in orchestra. Half the time, they aren't even music teachers (like once, we had a GYM teacher as an orchestra sub...that did not end well), and the other half of the time, they are music teachers, but can't conduct at all.
"Lol. I'm homeschooled.
FullMetalMaple wrote:
You should be happy. ^_^ That's great for you! I'm actually quite excited for you and to hear how well your poem did. I really need to start writing in contests again...

I'm at home sick right now, but I have to go to school for the second half of the day so I can take my bio test. Yay...
Thanks FMM! I shall tell you as soon as I know. Hope you feel better!"
It's fine, aldebaran, if orch subs don't know what they're doing. I hate orchestra, anyway.
Haha.... I know, but it seems like you spend a lot of time on here..... ^_____^ Are you almost always on here, 24/7?
Lol no. I just check often.
Do you get into a group to work, or do you just sit in your room doing schoolwork?
"So was I, until I started high school.
FullMetalMaple wrote:
Thanks FMM! I shall tell you as soon as I know. Hope you feel better!
You're welcome, and thanks! I'll be fine, I suppose... too bad I can't just take the week off or something. XD
paleonaps wrote:
Do you get into a group to work, or do you just sit in your room doing schoolwork?
Not to answer for Aubrey, but when I was homeschooled, we had a classroom set aside in my house where I did most of my work. As I got older, my mom stopped having to teach me how to do different things and started letting me do a lot of work on my own. That was actually very beneficial, and it let me get far ahead in certain subjects I was good at (only to have that get ignored in high school, which is why I'm in Algebra II again >_>)."
Do you play a viola?
"Honestly, i think homeschooling, if it could somehow become a community organization, is significantly more beneficial for a student who wants to get ahead in subjects that interest them. Fore example:

Say in a community, or even a small town, all the home schooled students get together every day to study and ever other weekday for social activities (ie w/e they want, movies, sports, start a club). Now, this way, students can get much farther ahead than public school children academically.

I highly regret first of all having gone to public middle school and elementary school and now high school, but sadly i moved to the US when i was 6 and my parents were understandably ignorant of all these concepts. Granted, they did the best they could, but i think i'd have gotten a lot farther ahead in my studies if i had been home schooled.

O, PS, if a social homeschooling environment is to be established, parental involvement must be limited."
o.o you're an immigrant?! That's awesome! It must have been very difficult.
Surprisingly no, my English was on par with my first grade teacher's so communication wasn't an issue haha. The only issue was my slowly deteriorating mind...going from learning multiplication and division in India to learning how to add single digit integers made me lazy.
"Basically that's how it works for me too. I do work at the computer, use workbooks, etc. I get grades on everything I do (just like you guys) and every academic quarter my mom has to send a report with my updated grades, activities, awards, and GPA to the ""principal"" of our ""cover school."" A cover school is a church/school/organization you have to be affiliated with along with other homeschool families. This is law in my state. (To make sure we're not all goofing around at home I guess.)
llazar wrote:
Now, this way, students can get much farther ahead than public school children academically.
Yes, homeschool students tend to (if they make use of their opportunities) score better than the general population on standardized tests. I'm very proud of us. ^^ I think this happens so much because of the way we are allowed to learn. It works! (If you don't believe me, check out the below links.)

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Homes ... _chart.gif
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Homes ... scores.jpg
http://www.google.com/imgres?imgurl=htt ... om/2010/06

I could literally spend pages and pages and pages trying to explain how homeschooling works. There are so many varies learning philosophies and everyone has a different experience. But my mom's approach is called ""unschooling."" (This article explains it pretty well http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Unschooling ) Sounds like I do nothing all day, but that isn't true. My mom allows my curriculum to adapt to my interests, and lets me explore things intellectually on my own. Instead of giving me grammar books as a kid, I was sent to go read. I read classics. I learned grammar from the masters of literature (classic authors!). As a younger kid I've always scored in the 99th percentile on the reading portions of standardized tests. I'm not bragging, I just want to show you how cool it is--how much one can learn without a formal curriculum. I know basically no grammar terms (or rules) but can pick out an error in a sentence every time.
lllazar wrote:
Honestly, i think homeschooling, if it could somehow become a community organization, is significantly more beneficial for a student who wants to get ahead in subjects that interest them. Fore example:

Say in a community, or even a small town, all the home schooled students get together every day to study and ever other weekday for social activities (ie w/e they want, movies, sports, start a club).
Hmm. This is sort of how things work with us (mind you I only have one perspective. Everyone does homeschooling entirely different). I do stuff on my own but get together with friends to do volunteer projects, discuss books, play games, see movies (in the middle of the day if our schedules allow) and share essays we wrote for school. Almost everyone I know does stuff like this. Most homeschoolers call it ""co-op.""

/end ramblings"
"That's the way things used to be for me, too, but there's no law in Kansas requiring that. In fact, I know plenty of families in my homeschool group (yes, I still hang out with them) who basically do nothing and get away with it. But there are also others who never take summer vacations.

I totally agree with what you said about homeschooled students getting ahead of others and learning better. I took Algebra II and advanced French when I was in eighth grade; however, as a sophomore, I'm doing Algebra II and basic French, because my administration doesn't think I should move up, no matter how many tests I take for them (I scored really high on the ACT, but they still wouldn't let me skip Algebra II and Geometry). It's rather annoying, but at least I can help other people in my classes. And I'm going to keep fighting to take AP French next year. XD

As for grammar, yeah, my mom never found a good grammar program for me. Basically, I didn't know a lot of the fundamental rules, but like you, I could pick out all kinds of errors because I learned by reading and writing. There are so many different approaches to education, and homeschooling highlights these beautifully."
"They never have any idea what they're doing...which is why we either let a senior run rehearsal or take every opportunity to complain and ask for a study hall. And how on earth can you hate orchestra? (Don't answer this, Z.)
mnstrviola wrote:
Do you play a viola?
No, I play the ever-awesome violin (well, it's awesome until you get up into the higher register...then it starts to sound like a dog whistle)."
I don't hate it. I just feel correctly that band is clearly superior.
That is the kind of thinking that will lead you in a train-wreak
But he speaks the truth.
HE LIES
I cannot tell a lie. (But what if that's a lie?)
I alway get a lot of homework, so I never get time to do it with orchestra. And bass is so boring. We don't get any of the melody. And Z, you'll reconsider your answer when you meet Mr. McManis. And coming from me, not in band. He yelled at most all of my friends when 2 of them when 2 were fighting. There were 6 of us at the time.
"One teacher does not change whether band or orchestra is better or worse. I prefer band because some of the instruments have wonderful tones but the violin and cello are tempting 0.o
But I am a loyal band geek


EDIT: orchs can always make me want to reconsider, but the clarinet is too awesome..."
"You know the Gummy Bear song? The bear on its album's cover is crosseyed.

And I once saw a fortune that said ""Love doesn't really make the world go round. It just makes them so dizzy it seems like it."""
"Just found this:

http://www.insidecollege.com/reno/Slack ... 67/list.do

Most of my realistic college choices (i.e cheap and close to home) are on there. I know not to totally trust this list, but, *sigh*

Great, just great."
"Z, HOW CAN YOU

Orch is better bro, there are no MARCHES in orch.

Or not as many.

Not to mention that horn is commonly regarded as ""king of the orchestra"", you play way better music in orch, and orch has more horn solos >.<"
Band > Orchestra.
No.... just no. I still abide by my opinions that that thought should be amended to: Band = more spit flying everywhere than Orchestra.
"Awesomeness is not related to the amount of spit in a room.
Anyway, I'm a percussionist so there's no spit anyway."
Yeah, I wouldn't trust that, Aubrey... OU is far from a slacker school (I know people who go there).
"Point of clarification: By orch I meant strings. Yeah, of course a full orchestra is better than just a band.

THAT'S what you base your decision on? How many times have you gotten hit with spit in the audience, enjoying the song, or even in the band, besides your own? Come on now."
Well the person who sits next to me in band doesn't get the whole concept that you don't empty your spit on my foot. And that when oiling your valve you don't dump your valve oil on everyone.
Psh, valve oil, haven't used that all year. And Littleboy, seeing as you sit next to them, you probably play the same instrument and have done that to someone else. It's necessary to give us that great sound that separates us from strings players.
Unless of course you play an obviously superior woodwind instrument.
BAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
"zyzzyva98 wrote:
BAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Yeah TheGenius, that was a hilarious joke."
Sweecoop approves and likes this post.
"I bought a white shirt the other day. It looks like a lab coat. I am happy. ^^

/me starts to play ""The Scientist"" on the piano. THE BEST SONG EVER, FYI!

I'm not a band/orchestra nerd. I know quite a few though. I just play guitar and some piano.

Yay! My newspaper editor like my Science Olympiad article! Now I have to find a picture to go with it. Sadly our ""official team photos"" are just all us standing against a random wall in low lighting, some of us looking like they were about to cry (like me for example), and some people sporting ridiculously huge grins and holding their medals over their faces. All of this (despite our infinitely superior t-shirts ) made for a very ugly mug shot."
I ate a chocolate chip cookie. Yummm...
Fixed, thanks.
"Hah, what a discussion I've started. Although I think we can all agree that full symphony is the best, yes?

Edit: In other news...I have a sore throat and I have to make speeches for a total of 60 minutes this weekend. Not going to be fun."
My bus driver nearly abandoned 3 people!
Fixed.
"Ahhhhhhhh!!!!!!! I just want to rip out my hair right now.

At regionals, my team took second in tower, so what do the two people doing tower do. They destroy the second place tower to try to use some of the pieces for a new tower, and their new tower now really sucks."
Made me lol
Oh boy. Does this make me Mrs. Pug?
"We really need to stop shipping people.
Then again, this is a random comment thread."
Don't blame her it is pug's fault
Agreed.
Well, it's a joke. I think you guys know that. I am utilizing my good sense of humor. xD
"This, pretty much.

Lighten up some."
Yay for going to Borders, impulse buying, and coming up a penny short of the total cost.
"Awww. (Ouch)

I once got a hardcover book there for a buck. ^^ CHEAP BOOKS FTW"
"I am now on Spring Break. Hooray!
Going to Universal Studios in 3 days...double hooray!"
"About to leave to my track meet....

wish me luck...."
"Cool.... My Spring Break's ending today.... And Universal Studios is about a few hours (give or take a few hours) from my house. *sigh* I still need to finish my extra credit packet for math that I've been procrastinating on.... >____<

EDIT: Good luck, Josh. Err... I mean... Insert Name Here.... whoops. >.>"
Geez. I had spring break a month ago...
Wow. That's early....
Actually, I had spring break precisely a month ago.
This was my first week back since spring break. You guys have yours late.
Sorry... maybe it's just my school district that's weird. Or maybe it's just because I live in California, because a lot of other schools in California have their Spring Break around early April/late March. >.>
"It was last week for the district I live in.

But, being homeschooled, I get no spring break. :/"
IM SO HAPPY I JUST GOT BACK FROM SCHOOL AND ITS SPRING BREAK
"I probably should have specified that I am going to the one in Orlando, but I do desperately want to go to Hollywood, and just Cali in general.
Maybe this summer."
"I hate my school's language department. They won't let me take AP French until senior year. :\

Thanks for ruining half the plans I had made for the rest of high school..."
Ahh... sorry. I just assumed that it would be the one in California because that's the one I live by and have gone to the most times. (Come to think of it, I've never been to Florida before.....)
I like Islands of Adventure (I mean, Jurassic Park and Harry Potter in the same place? I think I might have a heart attack) which is something that Hollywood doesn't have.
"One of my friend is homeschooled and he got a spring break.
Well technically he just didn't have to do any schoolwork."
"Haha.... that really makes me want to go to Florida.... >.<

Argh!!!! I'm so mad at myself because I haven't seen the 6th and 7 Part 1 Harry Potter movies yet. However, I'm going to rent them as soon as I can..... (Probably over the summer, so I can watch it right before the 7th Part 2 movie comes out....)"
"I have to wait next week for spring break. :[ It's only 5 days, including the weekend. -____-

And I didn't make it into NHS. I really thought I had a good chance.. I'm not sure what went wrong.

My school is so biased. they made the key club share a table with the people selling prom tickets this whole week even though they weren't on the list(You are supposed to sign up on the list and be approved before being able to use a table and/or posters), and today some women's voters people got our table and they made us use some random table far away from our setup. We're selling stuff for Relay for Life, and we have a wall to hang up paper cupcakes, which is right next to the table that the women's voters took from us. And because of that, we sold 0 cupcakes today. We passed 20 yesterday. Everyone cares sooo much about prom, and it's overshadowing the Key club. We're the ones benefiting a good cause, and it's only a dollar, but no one knows about it because all the office cares about is selling prom tickets and school pride snuggies. Usually the key club does better, but that's because people know more about the other stuff. If that made any sense at all. End of rant.."
Well, you see, that's because prom is PROM. Half the seniors in the school spend their year looking forward to it (not literally). Not to mention that the school makes a fortune off of it.
*sigh* Yeah I know, but since it's soooooooo convieniently located, they should be able to spare a dollar while they get their prom forms. I guess on our part it wasn't the smartest plan to sell when prom was selling, but we were not aware because like I said, key club was the only activity signed on to the permission list thingy. The least they could have done was inform us that 3 other sales were going on at the same time we signed up for. :/
"In my Key Club we're doing a car wash for an animal shelter. Which I have to organize. (That reminds me. Note to self: type up email to President and Secretary) I've been an on-and-off member so I've only technically been to *counts* three or four meetings, but I think I've taken my places as the person-who-did-not-run-for-president-even-though-everyone-expected-them-to, behind-the-scenes-does-more-work-than-any-non-officer-person. One of the reasons I didn't run was that I knew my friend would win the election, and she is a VERY competent President. In the short time I've been there I visited places with 3 different volunteer opportunities and made a presentation, way overshot my volunteer hours (I don't know how many they require a year, but I think I have about 60 hours so far...), and have organized a car wash.

Oh, and we're doing a canned food drive for a homeless shelter. We did that last year in Beta Club, and this year's Key Club is really just made up of former Beta Club people who left. Last year I raised the most cans! 475! ^^ There were no prizes for it, and I wasn't trying to ""beat"" everyone. It just sort of happened that I asked for cans from really generous people. This year they're going to give a $25 gift card to the person who raises the most. Hmmmmm...

/me goes back to PSAT math.

MUST. GET. NATIONAL. MERIT. SCHOLARSHIP!!!"
Same here. We don't really have a legitimate "spring break."
"@Aubrey048
That sounds like our key club. we have a really big chapter, with over 100 people, but only like 1/4th of the chapter is actually active. I'm one of the more active people, and the officers wanted to nominate me, but I didn't make a speech or confirm in time. Oh well, next year I'll run. I actually raised the most money for UNICEF, and I was supposed to get a prize but I never held them up to it.

Yeah, PA has issues. -____- I remember when I was in NJ, we had like 2 weeks of spring vacation. And our Christmas vacation was a week longer, and school started at 8:30. But then again, if I stayed, I would have been in one of the worst high schools in the state. So whatever, only 2 years left."
Yeah, we had a 2 or 3 day "spring break" about a month ago, and we have another 2 days off at the end of next week.
The problem with our school's spring break is that we only have 3 school days to work on SO, so we have to have everything ready 2 weeks early.
I've already had spring break, i miss it already
Same here! I'm sorry. Really, I'm just annoyed, because I actually didn't make it in because half the selections committee thought I was joking about a lot of things. At least, that's what one of my coaches (who was part of the committee) said - he tried to convince them I was serious, but I guess they didn't believe him. >_>
That sucks, I'm going to ask the advisor what went wrong this week, but I kind of don't want to.. I'm just angry because I know some of the people that are in the club/got accepted, and I know I'd be more active than some of them. I probably didn't get in because of some silly mistake, like I used white out once on the application but I already got some signatures that I wouldn't be able to get a signature from them until long after the due date. :/
"Ha, yeah, but it's okay. I know I was serious through the entire thing, and apparently, even if they thought I was just playing around, I was really impressive. There aren't many students my age who have written two novels... XD

I understand entirely... my English teacher is in charge of NHS at my school, and she's picking on me for not getting in, saying we ""need to work on my [awful] interview skills."" And a lot of people I know got in, but my grades are much better than theirs and I work much harder (I think). It's not always fair, but as my SciOly coach explained, not everyone can get in the first time. My brother got in on his third try. :\ And I have three more chances, I suppose. I didn't plan to reapply, but I suppose I just can't get away with that."
"Wow, I'm really bad at writing, it's my worst subject. The only thing I can write well is a research paper. But that's pretty impressive. ^^ I do a lot of academic clubs and volunteering, my grades are good, but I guess I lacked in work experience and leadership.. I dunno, it's not like there's much around my area that I want to do. If there was a nature center somewhere around here, that would be awesome but they're all hours away. :[

You have an interview? For us we have to fill an application, write a one page essay, and get a recommendation from an adult. And it's supposed to be totally anonymous. And in our school, they open applications to sophomores and juniors only, so I have one more chance left. :/"
"I just love writing. I have proof copies of my two novels, and that encourages me to pursue my dream of being a published novelist one day. It's really always sort of been my thing. And thanks, it's quite impressive that you can write research papers - a lot of people are bad at that, too. Same, I probably had a big weakness in that I've never had a job and I don't do a lot of community service... but I do a lot of things at my church, I guess.

Yeah, our process starts with filling out a huge application and getting six signatures - from five teachers and an administrator, as well as your class's Student Council Moderator (my head coach, haha) if you want. Then, everyone in the faculty votes, and whoever gets five or more votes moves on to get an interview. The top candidates from the votes from the selection committee get in. I might have been one vote short or something. And we allow students to apply in second semester of sophomore year, either semester of junior year, and first semester of senior year. I hope you get in next time! Best of luck to you.

I wish I could find my mic so I could practice that audition song... too bad I have a cold and can't really do it anyway."
"I now count three people with usernames modeled after mine:
Paleonops
Paleomaniac
paleonap

I'm a little creeped out."
I saw that! Isn't the new paleonap also from New York and in C div?
"*shudder*
Yes."
"I feel bad for you, but... that's kind of funny.

At least I know no one will ever steal or otherwise copy my username. *knocks on wood*"
"Yeah. I like the fact that at least Paleonops has said that I am his guru, but I am getting creeped out. I guess that if you don't become a guru, no one will copy your name.

BTW, now if you make a typo while typing my name, it matters a great deal."
"I'll try not to do that, paleonap.

EDIT: I meant paleonops, sorry."
"Hey, at least the o and a keys are relatively far apart on most keyboards.

Nice, Z."
Is it a good thing or a bad thing that my computer turns on faster than my cell phone?
This is mean.
It is quite average, paleomaniac.
Je ne sais pas.

"Ah, I see. I'm not too fond of writing, I'd rather be reading. If there weren't writers though, there would be nothing to read, so I appreciate talented writers very much. Thanks, I'm usually good with research papers because I try to find a unique topic that most people overlook, but the problem with that 1. there aren't enough sources, or 2. my teacher wants more sources than I need or that are available. Or at least that's what I think makes me good at research papers. Yeah, I need a job, but I don't know what jobs to apply to. I don't want to work at a store where you have to be in everyone's face saying ""Hey welcome to _________. We have a sale on jeans today, 20% off! Do you need any help?"" I was thinking of applying at a craft store. That might work.

Interesting, in my opinion that would have been easier for me, just getting signatures. How would they pick just from signatures though? My school allows students to apply every spring. But thank you, and the same to you! ^^


@Paleonaps
Have you considered the idea that the copycats are all one person just trying to mess with you? Just a thought.
TheGenius wrote:
Is it a good thing or a bad thing that my computer turns on faster than my cell phone?
It depends. My mom's phone has like the longest intro video thing ever, and there's no setting to turn it off. So I'd say my computer turns on faster than her cell phone, which is good for me, bad for her."
I never noticed that paleonops
"I like to do both. In my opinion, if you write, you have to read. Ha, the last research thing I did was in World History last year, over the Boxer Rebellion. It was fun... we had to do a presentation with it, and I wrote a story in the point of view of a foreigner, made a sign written in Chinese, and presented them both. I think I got 100 percent simply because my teacher liked my thesis (the conflict was religion-based), though... XD I don't even have time for a job, but if I did, I wouldn't want to work somewhere where I'd have to get in people's faces, either. But it's always been a silly dream of mine to work in a dress shop... I know, I'm such a girl. But I like pretty things.

They don't pick from signatures. You have to fill in the application and get signatures on it - if you don't have signatures, you can't turn in your application. I guess they just want to see if you're serious. You're welcome, and thank you!"
Just curious: How many paleonaps impersonators are there? Paleonops, paleonap, and probably many others.
"For his sake, I don't want to know. XD

Good news: I found my mic. Bad news: it doesn't work. :\"
"My things are writing and science, which most homeschoolers I know of are deathly afraid of. I can only count two different contests I've done and won that aren't remotely related to science or English: the Geography Bee and and an art contest for my local library (my art was on a library card!^^) Other than that, literally my whole resume neatly divides into science and writing categories. I'm a good essay writer, a decent journalist, and am better at creative writing. This all comes easily to me because I like to read. Basically I'm entirely self-taught in English.
I'm a terrible poet, though. I've won poetry awards but have never believed in my poetry skills. *Puts fingers in ears* LIES!
By the end of HS I hope to be able to say that I've published a novel. I'm working on it... >.>

Yeah, if you don't volunteer enough it can be tough to get things like NHS.Before it seemed like everyone wanted you to be Einstein. Now they want you to be Einstein AND Mother Teresa!
I volunteer a lot and have enough people to vouch for me on these things though so I've been fine so far. (Just got back from a volunteer activity actually.)"
"Currently, 3, those two and paleomaniac.
EDIT: paleonap actually stole just about everything from me. I call attention to this post:
http://www.scioly.org/phpBB3/viewtopic. ... 35#p156929"
I am struggling to get writing in. I've had some good periods of time in the past week and my schedule is freeing up- thank goodness- but my writing just isn't as good unless I'm listening to some very specific Garth Brooks / Eagles songs >.> They talk a lot about tone and mood in English classes, guess I'm figuring out what that is. I can't write in certain tones unless my mind is completely in it. I'm about 1/7 of the way done with my current work, which means I should get the final draft and everything done sometime in senior year of college...
I've actually just buckled down and refined the plot of my book. I'm at two pages WOOT!
"Ha, same, except I'm also really into math. I could never enter an art contest: I'm such a bad artist that people in my art class last semester made fun of me on a daily basis. I'm apparently a good journalist, but I don't like that sort of writing too much. I signed up to do yearbook next year, but I'm wondering if I really should because I really just don't care for it.

Really? I'm not a good poet either, but I keep hearing I am! I don't get it. Maybe I'm just slightly better than average or something? And I don't really know if I want to have a published novel before I graduate. I have a feeling I'd regret it or something.

I volunteer as much as I can, but I never get any opportunities. No one tells me about them. :\

Um... that's kind of creepy, paleonaps, but I get the feeling he's just trying to tease you or something. Just in a bad way.

EDIT: See, Z, that's why you should do NaNoWriMo. It really is lots of fun."
I started a novel yesterday.
Well, reading a novel can be a very difficult process to start, so good job
Oh, don't be mean Z
Nice one; you beat me to it!
Aww you guys are so mean...
"But that's what makes them awesome.

Bleh, sitting down to heavily edit what I wrote for NaNo last year, since my bio teacher\one of my coaches wants a copy of it. This is going to take forever."
As in writing one, genius.
Apologies >.> Couldn't pass it up.
I would never be able to write a novel. I would run out of ideas after the first page.
"That's almost the opposite of my problem.

It's funny. I'm going through my anthology of short stories, and I keep finding lines I love. I always wonder if I really wrote them or not... but on the other hand, I always find something absolutely atrocious. >_> Oh well, just more to improve."
new avatar time
"[quote=""FullMetalMaple""]I like to do both. In my opinion, if you write, you have to read. Ha, the last research thing I did was in World History last year, over the Boxer Rebellion. It was fun... we had to do a presentation with it, and I wrote a story in the point of view of a foreigner, made a sign written in Chinese, and presented them both. I think I got 100 percent simply because my teacher liked my thesis (the conflict was religion-based), though... XD I don't even have time for a job, but if I did, I wouldn't want to work somewhere where I'd have to get in people's faces, either. But it's always been a silly dream of mine to work in a dress shop... I know, I'm such a girl. But I like pretty things.

They don't pick from signatures. You have to fill in the application and get signatures on it - if you don't have signatures, you can't turn in your application. I guess they just want to see if you're serious. You're welcome, and thank you![/quote]Hmmm, we have to do a research paper just about every year. This year I wrote my paper about how men's view on women has changed through the 20th century. I was going to do it on how classic american foods came to be in the 20th century, but I didn't have enough sources to back up my argument. I actually just handed the final draft yesterday... *crosses fingers* I don't have time for a job either, but I might get one for july.

That's pretty similar to how our school does it. I guess the only difference is we have an essay, you have an interview.

[quote=""FullMetalMaple""]Ha, same, except I'm also really into math. I could never enter an art contest: I'm such a bad artist that people in my art class last semester made fun of me on a daily basis. I'm apparently a good journalist, but I don't like that sort of writing too much. I signed up to do yearbook next year, but I'm wondering if I really should because I really just don't care for it.

I volunteer as much as I can, but I never get any opportunities. No one tells me about them. :\[/quote]I always seem to do good in math, but it really depends on the teacher and the time of day I have the class. Math class and last period do NOT match. :/
Aww, My art teachers have told me that i'm creative and that I should continue, but I didn't have enough space on my schedule. And you might end up liking yearbook more than you think. Of course I don't know much about it, all I know is at my school our year book club goes around taking pictures of clubs and stuff.

I agree with the last part. Key club helps a lot, but there's probably tons of opportunities that I've overlooked because there's nothing to inform me about them.[quote=""aubrey048""]My things are writing and science, which most homeschoolers I know of are deathly afraid of. I can only count two different contests I've done and won that aren't remotely related to science or English: the Geography Bee and and an art contest for my local library (my art was on a library card!^^) Other than that, literally my whole resume neatly divides into science and writing categories. I'm a good essay writer, a decent journalist, and am better at creative writing. This all comes easily to me because I like to read. Basically I'm entirely self-taught in English.

Yeah, if you don't volunteer enough it can be tough to get things like NHS.Before it seemed like everyone wanted you to be Einstein. Now they want you to be Einstein AND Mother Teresa!
I volunteer a lot and have enough people to vouch for me on these things though so I've been fine so far. (Just got back from a volunteer activity actually.)[/quote]My things are Science and Technology. If there was a computer club, I would join. At least something like that. I'm not really that smart with computers, but I'd like to learn anyway. I've actually gotten a lot of compliments because of how organized and neat my ""cheat sheets"" for science olympiad are, lol. Self taught in English, hmm. I remember in my old school we focused so much grammar that I had no clue how to divide my writing into paragraphs. No matter what, I can't get ""advanced"" on standardized testing. It's the only thing, and it bugs me. I was always good with spelling though.

Yeah, that's very true. Before, all my parents said was ""Get all A's, so you can get into whatever college you want."" And now it's ""Get all A's, volunteer, get a job, be active in clubs, play a sport, or you won't get into a good college"" Well that's what my parents say. They exclude the sport part though.

Gah, sorry, my posts always get so long. :/ I rant too much."
Ah had state today and was able to get a very unsuspected medal in Write It Do It, it was a gold. The funny thing is, I didn't even have the time to finish the final sentance for the instructions.
"It helps if you've known most of the officers since for 8-10 years each. They tend to keep you in the loop then

*Writing my schedule email for our car wash.* We're raising money for a no-kill animal shelter."
I AM A GOLD MEDAL CHAMPIONSHIP GAMING ATHLETE

Somebody isn't a Whiteboy fan.
Actually, I'm just not a fan of using all caps.
MAINLY ALL CAPs.
All upper case is better than all lower case.
Not really. Though both are bad.
Speaking of upper vs lower case, when I was in elementary school we had to do some stupid typing thing. It would mark you down if you used all lower case but not if you used all upper case. GO CAPS LOCK!!
Well, usually when people use all lower case, they don't use punctuation either, which turns sentences into giant messes of unintelligible words.
Then again, people that use all caps typically only use the exlamation mark and often at the wrong place, so the best way is simply to utilize good grammar.
"My United Way Youth Council's officer elections are today, I'm running for VP. If I win I get to be President my senior year! ^^
Wish me luck, guys! (I'll need it!)

Did you know that cranberries and almonds are good for your brain? *Says this through a mouthful of almonds. Takes a swig of cranberry juice* Only 176 full days until the PSAT, so I'm loading up on brain food. >_<"
"I'm bored, in study hall, and waiting for this lab simulation to keep going. Why on earth do I actually have to spend half an hour pretending to watch a leaf/plant transpire?

2 weeks until the AP Chem test, 3 weeks until the AP Bio test, and 3 weeks and 5 days until it's all over. Meh.

...I found out when the PSAT was about a week before I took it."
"3 weeks until my Chem finals. I guess you could call it Honors (it technically it IS advanced) but as a homeschool kid I can't get honors credit.
Meh. I got a 96 on my last quiz. :/ I'll need to improve before next time."
You had better be joking.
"I'm not. I studied hard but I made one really dumb mistake. (If you saw it you would laugh)

Did you know that Einstein was born on Pi Day? (Found this out 5 minutes ago) I HAD NO IDEA! THAT IS SO AWESOME!!!"
"YOU PEOPLE ARE SUCH AZNS. 96 IS GOOD.
Actually, I'm an asian too. But, I'm a ghetto asian so I'm special."
"Hah I'm not Asian. Half-Hispanic.

News (lapses into text-speak): OMG MY MOM IS TAKING ME TO SEE GRANT IMAHARA FROM MYHBUSTERS TONIGHT OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG!!!!!!!!

Just found out! ^^"
AZN is not equal to asian. They're different. AZN does not necessarily mean you're actually asian.
"Lol I guess I just have really high standards. My dream college is Princeton (great science college, with EXCELLENT finAid), and I really don't want to ruin my chances. >_< That's why I worry about grades and such so much.

I've finally stopped freaking out over getting to see one of the Mythbusters.(My heart rate has returned to normal)."
"You are so lucky...and a 96 is perfectly fine.
At least that's what my parents tell me when I get upset over getting one. I wanted to kill myself when I found out I got a 98 average for the quarter in Chemistry."
ugh. a friend and I got into a fight.
What's up peoples?

Ironically, I think my quarterly Chemistry average is 98, too! xD
(Hi.)
I have a scarred heart.
The new l.a. seating arrangement finds me in front of the pervest kid in my class.
"Good luck!

The club is actually choosing next year's SO captains tomorrow >.<

In other news, I went to an APUSH review session today. I sat down, and around 45 minutes in, I realized I was sitting surrounded by 100% girls for like a 10 foot radius...and I didn't even feel awkward. That was really weird.

Also, thewinner, I'm a ghetto asian too. Kind of. Not really More white."
"Well, this is it. I'm leaving for Universal Orlando Resort in about an hour, and will probably not see you all until Monday.
Have a nice week."
"Cool!

/me watches naps go all fanboy at the Jurassic Park part of Universal
XD"
"Haha.

I hate my teachers. I have a 35-minute-long presentation due Wednesday, a 150-point paper due tomorrow, and a 250-point project that's half my final due... sometime. Aargh."
Wow I have discovered that in a small town, news travels really fast.
"http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Small_world_experiment
It's a small world after all."

Kansas!
Stupid Colorado's Got Talent.
"My friend is depressed because he doesn't have a date to senior prom.
What he doesn't realize is that there's someone who's wanted to go with him for a while. :/"
"I won the election. Hee hee. I get to be Vice President next year, and President in my Senior year. ^^ I was technically elected for another position too (one I didn't even want) but after much discussion the officers had to give it to the girl running against me because I technically am not allowed to be two different positions at once. Haha.

Yay! I'm happy! ^^
Teal wrote:
My friend is depressed because he doesn't have a date to senior prom.
What he doesn't realize is that there's someone who's wanted to go with him for a while. :/
Ahh, unrequited affection. I've never been to prom. I'm going next year (since I'll be an upperclassman) but sans date. Dating is . . . not really my style. (Plus my parents won't let me. Not like I'd really want to go with any of the rising juniors/seniors I know. >.> *ick*)"
"I won too! Captain this year, almost certainly captain next year! That puts me at 2.5 years of captaining!

Lols dating. *just laughs* We actually don't have a junior prom though, but I don't want to go. Spending money to go once is enough, twice is pushing it, 3 times, no way >.<"
"Ah, yes. Prom. :\ I'm sorry... and understand completely. I'm a sophomore, and a lot of people in my class are trying to find random upperclassmen who'll take them. XD
aubrey048 wrote:
I won the election. Hee hee. I get to be Vice President next year, and President in my Senior year. ^^ I was technically elected for another position too (one I didn't even want) but after much discussion the officers had to give it to the girl running against me because I technically am not allowed to be two different positions at once. Haha.

Yay! I'm happy! ^^
Congrats! I'm happy for you. (:

Ugh. I got a big solo part in my pointe dance... but it's something like 32 turns. I don't think this is happening..."
"I'm a sophomore, too, actually. We've just been friends since like 1st grade. It's super frustrating.
He finally got a date today, but she's a really pushy girl who literally forced him to go. Ugh. I'll try to be happy.

Pointe? As in ballet?
I applaud you.
I can't dance. At all.

Congrats on elections, guys! We just had elections yesterday and I ran for secretary. We only have secretary, president, and varsity team captain. Secretary sounds super fun, and I would finally be able to put my coding skills to use."
"Aargh, I get what you mean. And I've only liked two people enough to go to a dance with them in my entire life. Haha.

I'm sorry, but he probably won't be happy being forced to go. That happened my freshman year - no fun at all.

Yeah, the ballet you do on your toes. And thanks! Dance is pretty difficult: I can see why some people don't do it...

Whenever we do elections for anything, I run for secretary. I'll never figure out why."
I'm disappointed. Not going to state next weekend. Still an alternate with my nerdy bud. she's so depressed that she didn't come to school today.
"xD

Me too. But I haven't danced with either of them. I dance with a bunch of guys in my dance class but I don't LIKE LIKE any of them. We're just really good friends.
FullMetalMaple wrote:
Yeah, the ballet you do on your toes. And thanks! Dance is pretty difficult: I can see why some people don't do it...
My best friend lives eats and breathes pointe. I live eat and breathe science. We make an interesting pair.

FullMetalMaple wrote:
Whenever we do elections for anything, I run for secretary. I'll never figure out why.
Lol I'd hate being secretary. I'm not really the secretary type. I'd rather be VP/President. I'm not really an extrovert but I'm more of a leader and a go-getter. And plus I hate writing rapid-fire notes. I like to take my time writing things down! >_<
winneratlife wrote:
I won too! Captain this year, almost certainly captain next year! That puts me at 2.5 years of captaining!
Yay congrats!"
"Sweetcoop is actually proud to say that he is a member of Buena Vista High School's class of 2011.
Last night, a couple of the seniors decided to sneak into the school and moved all of the desks in the school into three different classrooms. It was probably the best senior prank in the history of his school."
Fixed, thanks.
Tomorrow is my brother's birthday.
My lab partner has a brother named Al Gore.
And I slip deeper into my state of depression.
"Aubrey, I'm starting to think you're really me. XD I've never danced with any guy I've liked, but I've danced with friends before.
aubrey048 wrote:
My best friend lives eats and breathes pointe. I live eat and breathe science. We make an interesting pair.
I can see that. My strange thing is that I love dance, writing, science, acting and singing, and math, things you usually wouldn't think would go together.
aubrey048 wrote:
Tomorrow is my brother's birthday.
Awesome! Happy early birthday to him! ...My birthday is months away. XD
sweetcoop wrote:
And I slip deeper into my state of depression.
?"
Mine falls on Pi Approximation day... also the birthday of both Alex Trebek and Gregor Mendel! ^^
"Awesome! I love both those guys.

My birthday is apparently on National Sugar Cookie Day. Actually, funny story about that... when I was 11, I wished for snow on my 12th birthday. Ridiculous, considering my birthday is in the summer, but I still wished for it anyway.

I found out a month after my birthday that, while it didn't snow in Kansas, it snowed for the first time in 100 years... in a South American country. XD Supposedly, anyway. I'm not sure how true that is, but it was funny at the time."
My birthday is the same as Steven Wolfram's, who, for those of you who have never used Wolfram|Alpha, is pretty much the god of the calculator and should be elected president of the Internet.
"I'm probably going to get shot for this, but I'd never heard of him until you mentioned him above. Haha...

Huh, I also share a birthday with Georgie Henley (the girl who plays Lucy from Narnia), down to the year."
"I share my birthday with that girl from High School Musical and Suite life.. Ashley Tisdale. AND Lindsey Lohan.. Wut?? -____-
But I share my birthday with some pretty awesome people, like Thurgood Marshall and Medgar Evers.

Nostradamus died on my birthday :[ Also Hemmingway, and a portuguese king and a writer."
My birthday's the same as the Sprouse twins (from Disney Channel) and Barack Obama. Also, it's National Chocolate Chip Cookie Day.... FFM, we can be cookie buddies!!!! >______< And then, National Underwear Day also either falls on my birthday or the day after it. I feel special.
Well what I just realized is that my birthday is the exact middle of the year! It feels symmetrical, equal, balanced.
"I share a birthday with Tom Cruise and the state of Idaho.
My life is so exciting."
Your birthday is six days before mine.
rockernerdzgurl is moving to Texas.... unless I kidnap her.
It is a combination of the fact that I am having the worst week of my life, rejected twice by two different girls when I asked them to prom, and the fact that today is 4/20, which for me is really sad, because 12 years ago today was Columbine.
"My birthday is the day Constantine ended the persecution of Christians.
It is also the day the US ratified the 16th amendment, authorizing the IRS to collect income tax..."
Haha, today my Spanish teacher went on a random rant explaining that taxes are completely necessary in society. In English. It was a lot of failing and random tangentialness.
That blows man Good luck.
I was born exactly 2 years after princess diana died.
"I had no idea, but my brother was born one year and one day after Columbine. He shares a birthday with the queen of England!
Today is his birthday! He's going to see the new Wimpy Kid movie. (Hate to admit it but actually think they're pretty funny)
Kokonilly wrote:
I share a birthday with Tom Cruise and the state of Idaho.
My life is so exciting.
Haha
I neglected to mention that my birthday is shared with Selena Gomez. >_< ARGH

On another note I am revolting against Hollywood. THE HUNGER GAMES CASTING MAKES ME WANT TO SCREAM! (As a major HG fan I am very upset . . . but will still end up seeing the movie, of course )The only ones who look their parts are thresh and Rue. As a member of Team Peeta I am very disappointed with the chosen Peeta. Josh Hutcherson = NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO! (I wanted a ridiculously attractive blond Peeta. If they don't at least die that boy's hair, I WILL SCREAM!)
And I wanted Katniss to LOOK like Katniss, not a supermodel! (Katniss is pretty in a darker sort of way, or thats how I imagine her. Fiercer in appearance. Jennifer Lawrence is too blond and pretty. Not to diminish her as an actress, but I just don't think she looks right. DIE HER HAIR TOO) Quite frankly I look a lot more Katniss-y then JL. (I have olive-ish skin and brown hair. Blue eyes, but that could be fixed. This Halloween I think I'm going to our local Halloween ball as Katniss in her Fire dress if I can find a good one)
And Gale . . . fail. Prim is also not cute enough. She looks to fierce. I would have no desire to sacrifice myself for this girl. Again, NOT CUTE ENOUGH. AND TOO OLD!

When Cinna's role is announced, I just won't look. I'm too big a fan of Cinna, and I will die when (not if) they cast him wrong."
I hate what Hollywood does too. When they made the Guardians of Ga'Hoole movie (Legend of the Guardians)(I have always been a big fan of the books) I was soooo upset!!! It's like they mixed all of the books together and created a completely different story! THE PURE ONES DON"T HAVE DYED FEATHERS!!!!! ugh. I really hate Hollywood. Some stories are better left in the written form.
"aubrey048 wrote:
DIE HER HAIR TOO
...What did their hair ever do to you?"
I think certain individuals care way too much about certain movies.
Heyz! I know I'm being kinda defenzive here but I really did not like reading that pozt!(If your wondering about the z'z, I have z fever. And now all of you have it! Mwahahahahahahahahahahahaha!!!!!!!!!!)
Guys, can we please have contributive posts here?
My birthday is the 314th day of the year, except on leap years. I thought that was kind of cool.
"a) Selena Gomez is gorgeous.
b) No reason to complain about supermodels being actresses Well, not on my part."
You know, sometimes, you just get the urge to kill some hair, no?
"Yes, indeed.

One of the counselors at my school nominated me to serve on some national committee. I can't decide if this is funny or what..."
"The 9/11 Bombing: 9-11-01
Japan Earthquake: 3-10-11
+ --------
End of the World: 12-21-12

Just wanted to enlighten some people."
Do you seriously believe that?
I think so.
I don't even...
"[quote=""MasterPuffy""]The 9/11 Bombing: 9-11-01
Japan Earthquake: 3-10-11
+ --------
End of the World: 12-21-12"
I have seen the Creator.
"I saw the caption on this and died... not in a good way either (being the Mars Rover fanatic that I am)

http://video.nationalgeographic.com/vid ... x-vin.html

I hope Spirit is okay! (I know it's been stuck for many months, but I'm holding out hope that a miracle occurs)

I was so busy talking about Mars that I forgot about our own planet! Happy Earth Day, everyone!"
12-21-12 is the end of the Mayan calender and the first time in 5,000 years that the planets align, not the end of the world. For the National Geographic video, couldn't NASA just shut down Spirit (a Mars Rover) during the winter to conserve the energy in the battery and restart Spirit in the summer.
Yes... Due to timezone issues and stuff, the Earthquake happened a day earlier for us. From the US' point of view it happened on the 10th, but for the actual date, it was the 11th. It's funny how Americans are so egotistical that they think THEIR issues (not that they aren't significant in their own right. don't think I'm disrespecting 9/11) signify the end of the world xD
Sherlock Holmes is on cocaine.
I just installed ubuntu on my computer. My computer now refuses to boot into ubuntu or either of my Windows 7 installations, rendering it almost completely useless. Yay.
"Haha. I remember last year when I installed WinZip, and Word refused to work for me until I got a new hard drive.

I've been spending my break cleaning, but it finally paid off - I found $20. Awesome."
"I found a second hard drive that had been sitting in my computer the entire time I had it not plugged in. All my dreams were crushed when I discovered my motherboard only had 1 hard drive slot
recognize my avatar"
"What is this.
I don't even.
The game."
"[2011-04-23 15:57:20] <zyzzyva98> [quadratic] needs a life
[2011-04-23 15:57:35] <zyzzyva98> someone get him a defibrillator"
"Z...

EDIT: That's Lame Pun Coon... memes are fun, aren't they?"

"it's jim_r's old one
friday has over 2 million dislikes"
"Our envirothon team deciding on a team name:

*skipping irrelevant parts of Facebook conversation*
Non-Scioly Member 1 wrote:
Japanese Beetles?
Gypsy Moths?
Army Ants?
Turkey Vultures?
Flaming Falcons?
Hammering Hamsters?
Non-Scioly Member 2 wrote:
Flaming falcons is good...
Non-Scioly Member 1 wrote:
I like flaming falcons
EASTstroudsburg13 wrote:
FIRE.

The only problem is, it won't sound very obnoxious when they announce our team name, while Carbon Sequesterers does.
49ers wrote:
screw u can we just decide on a decent name?
EASTstroudsburg13 wrote:
How about Flaming Sequesterers? XD
49ers wrote:
i agree
Non-Scioly Member 1 wrote:
isn't sequester just storage, wouldn't that make us the flaming storers? maybe poison sequesterers
EASTstroudsburg13 wrote:
Well, carbon sequestration is when one takes out carbon dioxide from the atmosphere and puts it in a storage place, thus reducing the greenhouse effect and global warming. The adjective ""flaming"" just implies that we do all of this while on fire.
Fun stuff."
Just finished reading all 382 pages of Book I of The Stand. Too bad I have to write a 10+ page book report over it tomorrow.
The music video to Friday was posted on a Thursday.
It has over 2 million dislikes
No wonder!
I spent my entire weekend fixing my computer and now have a massive backlog of homework. I HATE UBUNTU.
User error. Stop hating on Ubuntu
"http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=pl ... pWfAiz1RC0

This will make your days."
I am BACK!!!
I got a temporary tattoo from my biology teacher, and it says DNA on it. I'm going to put it on for states, and hopefully it'll bring me good luck. XD
Pfft. I want one! But I can't even have a temporary tattoo right now, considering I have a big dance performance coming up. Aw...
"It is not a user error when the user sets aside 60GB of space on the hard drive and selects the partition during installation only to have the entire drive repartitioned according to ubuntu's whims. And it didn't even work after rendering everything else inoperable and almost wiping 40 gigabytes of data. I am still fixing things.
Time to see how advanced openSUSE's installer is."
"Get one and use it after your performance?

I'm so excited, I haven't used one in a while! lol
I'll be going up to get a medal(hopefully), and when I shake the person's hand, I'll say ""Yeah, it's in my DNA."" Hahahaha, okay that's stupid. XD"
"Haha, I probably will. I don't think I'll be dancing again after this year, so I'll probably wind up doing a lot of things I couldn't do before... I think the last time I had a temporary tattoo was when I went to an engineering camp last summer. Someone brought a bunch of them.

Oh man. You should do that. XD That would be really funny. When I handed out B division awards at my school's invitational this year, I had some kids say the cutest things like that to me."
Looking at your sig, FullMetalmaple, do you speak french?
I do indeed! :3 How 'bout you?
"Aww, I only took one year of dance... in Kindergarten. XD I was in ballet & tap. I don't remember the last time I used one, but I always seem to get one on halloween. lol

XD I'm tempted to. All the people that hand out medals are old though, at least in our region/state. From what I remember. I don't know if they'd appreciate it.."
"I'm almost finished with my 11th year. I started with ballet, then jazz, then musical theatre, and finally pointe and lyrical. I don't do musical theatre anymore because when I moved to Kansas, my new dance studio didn't offer any classes in it. And I never took tap classes, but I'm apparently good at picking it up. XD

I really love dance, but I just don't think I can do it next year. I was finally eligible for my studio's dance company this year, but they're absolutely awful about letting me off for SciOly. I had to skip just to go to regionals, and I missed the first invitational of the year. My teammates offered to kidnap me, but it didn't exactly work... but I still got up at three with everyone else."
"ooo, Pointe. I applaud you for that. It looks so effortless, but then you realize what's actually happening. Standing on a piece of wood on the tips of your toes? I had a friend that did pointe, and she told us about how once in a while her feet would bleed, but ""eventually you get used to it."" We all just stared at her XD
I wish I kept going with dance, but I thought ballet was going awfully slow, so I asked my mom to quit. And she listened to me, a little kindergartener. :/

Aww, well can you do dance more casually? Or maybe just do dance in the summer instead of year round? Sorry, I don't know much about how dance companie or studios work."
"I speak some French, in our house we have 3 members who can (dans notre maison nous avons trois personnes qui parlent francais... )

And the only time I took dance was when some parent volunteers at our school taught us all how to line dance :/"
"Ha, thanks! But your friend is completely right. After three years of pointe, my feet are actually kind of messed up beyond repair. It didn't hurt at first, but then my feet started bleeding a lot because my nails got too long. I still think it's my favorite dance form, though. (:

I probably can and will. I can't really just dance in the summer, though. But since it's been such a big part of my life for so long, I'll find a way around it.
fishman100 wrote:
I speak some French, in our house we have 3 members who can (dans notre maison nous avons trois personnes qui parlent francais... )
Lucky. Almost everyone in my family knows at least some Spanish (my mom took it in college, and both of my brothers take it now), so whenever they speak it to each other, I start rambling in French to be confusing."
"I see. I think it's an interesting dance form, but I don't watch many dance performances anyway. :/

Yeah, especially if you love dance. The only club/activity I'm really passionate about is science olympiad. So all I do in the summer is travel. No summer camp, no community activities, just traveling. And recently I've added studying for science olympiad to that, since this is only my second year.


:O Le Francais! I'm taking French in school, but my parents speak Portuguese and Spanish. I understand both though."
"Same here, I actually don't watch a lot of dance. I'd rather do than observe. I'm probably equally passionate about dance and Science Olympiad. I'm also really into voice acting, though I can't do anything right now without a mic. Ha, I just finished my second year, too!
lolliexdd wrote:
:O Le Francais! I'm taking French in school, but my parents speak Portuguese and Spanish. I understand both though.
Portuguese and Spanish are mutually intelligible, so that probably helps. I'm fluent in English and intermediate French, and I know some Spanish. My understanding of advanced French is getting better, but I wouldn't say I'm fluent in it. I also know some Polish, Lithuanian, and Italian... Yeah, I'm an aspiring polyglot."
"Oh, voice acting. Now all that reminds me of is that guy with the ""golden voice"" XD That's cool though. I wouldn't be able to do that, lol.
I could have joined in 7th or 8th grade, but I didn't find out about science olympiad until 8th grade was over. :[
FullMetalMaple wrote:
lolliexdd wrote:
:O Le Francais! I'm taking French in school, but my parents speak Portuguese and Spanish. I understand both though.
Portuguese and Spanish are mutually intelligible, so that probably helps. I'm fluent in English and intermediate French, and I know some Spanish. My understanding of advanced French is getting better, but I wouldn't say I'm fluent in it. I also know some Polish, Lithuanian, and Italian... Yeah, I'm an aspiring polyglot.
It does. I used to be fluent in Portuguese, but I've lost it. :/ And my mom would always watch Spanish soap operas, so it's not that hard to understand. Then again, my spanish friends don't understand Portuguese, even though they're fluent in Spanish. Idk, I think latin languages are fairly easy to learn. I want to be fluent in Portuguese, French, Spanish, and I want to at least attempt Mandarin. Italian sounds nice though. I want to learn as many of the most spoken languages as possible. XD I wonder how that will work out.."
"I am fluent in…
English

I know a little Spanish
And will learn Latin in high school"
My sister is really mad at me for no apparent reason. Also, my guinea pig lost a toe because my sister decided to trim his claws and ended up hitting the center of the nerve.
We have a half day on Wednesday and I have no idea what to do with the extra time.
You should spend all of that time on here!!! jk, do whatever your heart desires my nerdy friend!(btw, I call everyone on here nerdz so don't be offended)
Study for Science Olympiad, of course. What else is there to do? Or you could arrange for the temporary disappearance of the people who beat you at State so you get a chance to go to Nationals.
"I don't have a golden voice at all. According to some of my teammates, my voice is actually annoying. Even so, I've really enjoyed voice acting ever since some random stranger pointed out how I could get started in it. XD

Speaking of Spanish, my team and I figured out at regionals that I only know ""useful"" Spanish... There's a really embarrassing but funny story behind that.
TheGenius wrote:
Or you could arrange for the temporary disappearance of the people who beat you at State so you get a chance to go to Nationals.
Haha... just remember we don't count because we don't get to go, either."
"So.

What's going on?"
"Haha, yeah people say my voice is annoying too. Oh well. That's cool though, is it just a hobby?

lol, That sounds interesting. : p


I can't believe my state competition is friday, I have so much work to do! :/ (including school work)"
"Yeah, I'm only an amateur. I'd like to go professional one day, but I doubt I'm talented enough. It's fun anyway.
lolliexdd wrote:
I can't believe my state competition is friday, I have so much work to do! :/ (including school work)
Good luck!"
It's unusual to hear about someone in voice acting. It seems like it would be a difficult business to get started in.
GLEEK!
"There really aren't that many people my age who do it. But a lot of the more famous voice actors are also Canadian, so that gives me an advantage.

You're right that it's kind of difficult to get started in, though. I've always wanted to voice act since I was really young, but I never found an opportunity until last November when I ran into someone who did voice acting. Even though I only do amateur fan productions that never seem to go anywhere, I think it's good practice for something bigger. If only I still lived in a big city in Canada... >_> And if only I could get a new mic. There's a Fullmetal Alchemist project going around - it's always been my dream to voice Alphonse Elric, because I've been told my voice is almost perfect for him, but if I don't have a way of auditioning, it's not happening. \sigh

I'd also like to do something for the video game Portal if I get a chance. I'd have so much fun with GLaDOS.

\apologizes for the long reply"
My friend got asked out yesterday by our guy friend and she's gonna say no!!!! Which, I think, is stupid 'cause she's turning down her first taker...
YES.
No offense taken. I like being a nerd.
"Friendzones are gonna be friendzones.

Going out with somebody just because (s)he's your ""first taker"" is a horrible mentality"
"http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G7e4YkLk ... ture=share

I think the term BEAST comes to mind when watching this video."
"http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y_zjxZXQIg4

I think this is yet beastlier, in a different way."
I bet that my town just went from about 50 Patriots fans to about 2,500 Patriots fans.
Today, some moron pulled the fire alarm just after school ended. Coincidentally, all the buses - including the late ones - came early.
"Eh yesterday at my school the fire alarm went of twice in a period of about five minutes during my first hour class, which happens to have been physics, and we were finger painting because we have learned about colors of light and pigments.

Now the good timing was last year when the fire alarm went off about 20 seconds after the lunch bell rang, the funny thing was that the freshman had to stand outside untill they could go back into the school since they don't get off campus lunch."

That happened at my school earlier this week. Everyone ignored it and just kept doing what they were doing earlier.
"Lol, yep. They actually forced everyone out of the school, but I don't think they really cared all that much. Apparently, an adult ""accidentally"" pulled the alarm.

Also, Cheesy Pie, is that addition to your sig really necessary? It's excessively flashy and quite distracting."
This. It hurts my eyes.
i am glad it doesn't show up for me
Yeah, the same thing happened to me a few weeks ago when I was taking a biology test in my third block. We were supposed to have a fire drill at the beginning of fourth block, but it got screwed up and the alarm went off near the end of third block. Everyone ignored it, but when it went off a second time, everyone had to go outside. The best part was that since it came so unexpectedly, we lost ten minutes of class time in my fourth block. Which I utterly detest. >_>
"Some guy in my class sang, ""1 2 3 4, Bob^ Gore is a w****!""


^ Name changed.

Took that stuff out of my sig, too."
Happy Royal Wedding Day! She was soooooooooooooooo amazingly beautiful today and the Prince looked supa happy! Only wish Princess Dianna was here, may she rest in peace
"Some of my teachers were totally flippin out over the royal wedding. It was driving me crazy!
I don't really see why people over here (including people that aren't even English) should be so excited about it."
Haha, not at my school, only the students. x) But I'm only excited because Prince William is Princess Dianna's son. Hopefully, Kate can be the same or almost the same.
We now have a fourth paleonaps stalker - Paleofreakazoid, welcome to the forum!
"The wedding got hype. The fact that 300 people died in the South this week due to storms did not. Even Japan didn't get this much hype. It makes me...sick.

Kate's sister looked pretty good today"
Unlucky 13. I'm not superstitious but on my 13th birthday I have to listen to ultimate Diana hype.
"Does anyone realize that we're almost to the point where someone who did Science Olympiad could have children doing Science Olympiad?
Imagine if our children all join SciOly..."
Then maybe the human population would get smarter instead of reaching such high levels of stupidity. And Science Olympiad will probably be a lot bigger by then, meaning much more competition in every state. Then they'd have to study 10 times harder than we do to even advance from regionals. Maybe. Imagine what really competitive states would be in say, 10 years. Assuming a lot more schools join. I want to see that.
I hope you acknowledged how true my sig is. BECAUSE IT IS! TAKE ACTION!
I saw it after I posted, what a coincidence! lol, but that sounds about right. -___-
I really want to change that, but I need the help of many people to convince this stupid, lazy country that it's great to be smart.
I'm sure there are plenty of people trying to do that already, it's not that easy. People are stubborn, or they just have different interests. And of course, we're probably the laziest country ever. People try to get out of things, and let others handle it. Or they don't think of themselves highly enough, etc. Or they just fail at life. Although it doesn't hurt to try. People can change, sometimes.
"Mmm... I just had the best burger of my life today. Double cheeseburger with American and Swiss cheese, pickles, lettuce, red onions, ketchup, mustard, onion rings, and BACON. Lots and lots of BACON.

mmm...
/me passes out on the couch"

Do you know what's delicious? Oregon Chai tea. So good. 2/3 tea 1/3 milk served on ice improves productivity and enjoyment tenfold when studying for AP tests.
"Lol. I thought you said you passed out on your coach, not your couch. I was going to ask how she reacted to that...
Infinity Flat wrote:
Do you know what's delicious? Oregon Chai tea. So good. 2/3 tea 1/3 milk served on ice improves productivity and enjoyment tenfold when studying for AP tests.
I've never had any. Apparently, everyone at my school thinks Starbucks is the greatest thing ever for studying. I just wind up drinking ridiculous amounts of homemade hot chocolate while studying for SciOly."
I like drinking juice, or tea. No milk though, I think milk + tea is gross. :/
The only user with a username remotely similar to mine is east, and I joined after him/her. Maybe HHHEast, but that's a stretch.
Military intelligence is a contradiction within its own terms.
The other day in English we were reading Romeo and Juliet. I got to call someone a princox! Nice.
That's good for you, EAST. I'm getting to the point of being creeped out.
Ohplease. Don't flatter yourself. People probably only like dinosaurs; nobody is going to model their name after somebody who always dies first in the assassinations.
Good luck to everyone taking AP tests over the next two weeks! God, physics is just gibberish at this point...
Wow, Sweetcoop just realized that school dances are more fun when you don't have a date, when you tell yourself that you are just going to have fun that night.
I haven't died first in the Assassinations for a while, and I have confirmed with Paleonops that he based his off of me, and paleonap...copied my signature and avatar.
"Winneratlife completely agrees
paleonaps wrote:
I haven't died first in the Assassinations for a while, and I have confirmed with Paleonops that he based his off of me, and paleonap...copied my signature and avatar.
I was joking. I'm mildly amused though. Why base their names off yours?"
"Let it be noted that today, May 1st 2011, snow is currently falling from the sky in central Colorado.
Yeah where I live has the most jacked up weather."
*daily random comment*
"Apparently, I'm a Fossil and Bird guru.
Also, I have a sore throat today, and the weather is BEAUTIFUL. I hate my life."
Lols. I'm not impressed.
"Did you have Prom last night? My school did, along with some other schools in the city. Things were crazy around my neighborhood...

Right now, I'm probably going to either a) explode from stress or b) take out my anger on my theology teacher pretty soon. Most likely both, in fact. >_<"
Nah, Texas has bipolar weather... everyone living here will agree
LOL Texas?
The sad happy cow went boom in the land of purple trees.
Wait... what? A cheesy cheese stole your iPod and buried it under your grave.
http://www.hume.ictas.vt.edu/tcc/was an admin

Wait, what?
I... I just.. I don't know. I'm just as confused as you are.
Charles in the OBB was an admin, this is his profile
"You want to know a secret quadratic?
DO YOU? (CLICK TO SHOW HIDDEN TEXT)"
Okay quadratic...how do you know who he is?
"It was a random comment that I made your not supposed to care as a matter of fact I would be scared if you did

It on his profile"
then... why did liv facepalm, as if she understood?
then... why did liv facepalm, as if she understood?
"Because Liv likes to facepalm and Liv likes the gif that she posted.


Oh great, Liv is talking in third person."
"LB starts talking in the third person
LB invents a 4th person.
LB starts talking in the 4th person to himself after LB submits this."
Nah you are incorrect. Colorado weather is more bipolar. As a matter of fact, just the other day, within the first 10 minutes of school we had gone through winter, spring and summer because it snowed, rainded that it was sunny for most of the day. If you want one better than that, about a week ago, it was sunny in town where I live, to the west, where the Rocky Mtns are, it was snowing and to the east it was raining, so that is three different types of weather at the same time.
"MI is almost/is as bad.
Wait snow was falling from the sky? I thought it fell from the ground in CO."
But what you don't realize is that it can be sunny and rain in winter, and snow and be sunny in spring. Here in Kansas, we experience thirty degree swings between high temperatures pretty much every day or so. We have unpredictable precipitation, too. If you'd have said some state was going to get a lot of tornadoes this year, Kansas would have been the one everyone thought of. But no, while every other state is getting tornadoes, we're having surprisingly mild weather. Just goes to show how bipolar Kansas weather is.
Congrats on making Nats, Koko!!!!

"Wow, that announcement really spread like wildfire....

Still, congrats koko, dox, and everyone else from EV!"
Oh this is gonna be awesome.
Darn right it is.
*cough cough* Michigan *cough cough* a few weeks ago, it was somehow 70 degrees. the next day, it snowed. (disclaimer, it may have been 2 days, but I think it was one.)
You still haven't changed your sig, Koko.
That has happened at least twice here in the last year, probably more, considering that I don't pay attention to the weather.
"No kidding. Thanks!
paleonaps wrote:
You still haven't changed your sig, Koko.
Oh, thanks for reminding me."
Congrats Koko and Paradox!
Congrats you guys!!!!
"Awesome Koko and Dox.

Hey, wait a second now that you're going to nationals you can pick me up on your way there! Be at my house at around 8 o'clock guys, okay?"
Yeah, be here at 4.
You can pick me up from my school, fifth hour is probably a good time, that's from about 11:45 to 1:15. Got it? Good.
Can I drive with you guys?
"Thanks, everyone!
And..."
Your point is?
Whatever their point is.
"Clearly, you should prioritize and pick up the person who creates the smallest detour; namely, me.

And I'm just supercool

Good luck to all AP takers tomorrow!"
"Wow... >.< I feel so bad because I'm so far away from the rest of you guys.... I guess if worst comes to worst, I'll just hitch a ride with Muscatel or something.... (Not that they would let me, but I could sneak into someone's luggage.... I'm small enough to fit.)

Also, wouldn't the red route be a lot funner, Koko? I mean, you get to sightsee at so many places. XD"
I will get you the best barbecue you've ever tasted, Koko.
Might as well drive through Northeast PA while you're at it. Visit the Poconos, it's supposed to be a popular tourist area. Although I'm not too sure why.
the only problem with that route is yould come within 100 miles of my house
cuccoslayer97 is a new member, what he doesn't realize is that cucco's are the only unbeatable opponent in legend of zelda.
No I think I would create the smallest detour, looking at the route, it would go right through my town.
Come to think of it, i could really use a ride there. I can cook too! So long as it has potatoes in it at least...
How good are your french fries?
The arrow to michigan is like, on my house. Ok, maybe not, but it's close
"I'm talking the smallest detour from the green arrow; I started the whole red arrow path

And Koko...I can, be me. As in, the trip will be like 500x more fun. Who needs cooks when there are restaurants?

In other news, I pwned APChem today"
"My french fries are quite delicious, though I must admit, my Au Gratin is much better

And grats winneratlife!

I am currently finishing a paper where i incorporate the Japanese Nuclear system, Pripyat, and Cthulhu. I am soooo proud of myself right now."
"Lucky you... I don't feel nearly so confident, but that might just be the ibuprofen and nasal decongestant talking. >.<
Immune system, you have the worst timing for failure ever."
"I always get sick right before Nats.
Right now is a good example.

Idaho, can you work Call of Duty: Modern Warfare into that essay?"
Um… actually I am the closest so take me
Woo.
Hey, can you go a bit further south in Kansas so I can go, too?
Its a good thing I live so close to traj.
Suck it up and drive to Olathe. Don't make Koko waste any more gasoline.
"Thats good.
Gosh hearing you guys talking about all the AP exams that you have makes me really wish that my school had more AP classes. We just have AP Calc, and I have been stressed out about that test for the past few weeks."
I was kidding. I don't want to tag along to nationals if my team didn't earn it...
She keeps refusing to stop by me
You did know how wrong that sounded, right?

While you're getting lollie, I'll just stop by and get picked up at the same time, if it's not too much trouble.
Hope you have a big car Koko.
Stop by Houston plz?
You should drive a bus XD
"I'VE GOT AN IDEA!!!
Buy a Boeing 737..."
This look big enough?
can't they fit a lot of clowns in little cars?
If the folks on Happy Days can stuff that many people into a phone booth, I think that'll work.
"What about THIS phone booth?

(as you can see, I am having too much fun with pictures)"
"Sorry about that...I had to.
How about this:
48/2(3+9)=?"
"lets just all time travel
or take this golf cart"
"That can be accomplished with the police box!

EDIT: Also, that wouldn't really help for a cross-country tour..."
I'm doing my tech article on that!
I know but it would be fun
Wasn't that from Calvin and Hobbes or something?
Good guess, but I'm pretty sure Watterson doesn't use the orange boxes like that in the top left corner. And he has a different handwriting, too. Could be, though, haven't read any Calvin and Hobbes in a while.
No its from calvin and hobbes I've read every single one of his comics.
Could be. Sounds like something he'd come up with, I suppose.
It definitely is; it's from one of Calvin's daydreams of blowing up the school Oh, and look at my avatar.
I stand corrected.
"Anyone preparing for APs?
My mom forgot to pay the fees for my world history test ...
I HATE MY LIFE"
"I have Calculus AB Wednesday, Biology next Monday, and World History next Thursday.

Really interferes with Science Olympiad time."
No, it's from something else in Calvin and Hobbes. Certainly nothing to do with his school.
"Nah, my school isn't cool enough to have AP classes for sophomores. We don't even have that many AP classes in the first place.

My brother's taking AP English Literature on Thursday, though. He isn't even going to prepare..."
"It's one of Calvin's dinosaur daydreams. He is the Tyrannosaur in an F14.
I love Calvin and Hobbes."
"C.P. Weber is a school to watch. You should all be jelly.

We're so much more awesome possum-ly than your school"
I am very jelly, because let's just say that Frankenmuth High School definitely isn't a school to watch, because all the REALLY smart people within the school are too concerned about sports. Only the moderate to pretty pigeon smart people care about science olympiad...
"The person sitting nxt to me would like to deliver the following message.
The person next to me wrote:
It's hard for me to believe that your school is ""awesome possum"" if you use terms like ""awesome possum"" and ""jelly"""
"Same with us kinda.. but what really annoys me is during the assembly about this, they talked about some interscholastic sports kids do, even though we don't do well.. at any sports, but did they mention their 1st place winning Science Olympiad team at regionals?(and then top ten at states) Or their 1st place Math Olympiad team? No, they didn't at all.
brobo wrote:

The person sitting nxt to me would like to deliver the following message.
The person next to me wrote:
It's hard for me to believe that your school is ""awesome possum"" if you use terms like ""awesome possum"" and ""jelly""

TELL THE PERSON I SAY HI AND THEY'RE COOL BEANS."
Yeah the only time we were mentioned this year was about a week after regionals, and states results, but only because I placed. (I almost want to sleep with my medal, I'm so happy about it) Where if there's even the slightest thing mentioned with even the smallest sport, it's got a pretty decently sized spot in the announcements.
"Euro Friday afternoon, Bio Monday morning, Lang Wednesday morning, and Human Geo Friday morning. Chem was yesterday morning.
So one down, four to go to for me..."
"Why on SciOly?

KOKONILLY, Y U NO STUDYING?

I really should make a meme for that...3rd time I've used it this week.
FullMetalMaple wrote:

My mom forgot to pay the fees for my world history test ...
I HATE MY LIFE
Nah, my school isn't cool enough to have AP classes for sophomores. We don't even have that many AP classes in the first place.
We only get 1, but you can test out of a bunch of classes and move up.

I had Chem, I have BCCalc tomorrow, and I have APUSH Friday. 3 first week. Fml."
STOP MAKING ME PANIC MORE
Ugh, those dreaded CSTs.
Heehee.... Just finished mine today!!!! The math portion was so much easier than I thought it would be. Getting ready for Geometry Readiness Test on Thursday and Friday...
I know how you feel... Central Standard Time is BRUTAL sometimes.
Especially when daylight savings is in effect.
...why?
because you have to deal with z????? it makes a timezone terrible?
*coughCSTsstandforCaliforniaStandardizedTestingcough*
*coughCSTsstandforCansasStupidTimecough*
Would a Zyzzyva angry outburst be very predictable at this point?
Nope. I resolved yesterday to be nicer to the noobs, and I intend to do that, unless one of them does something extremely offensive.
Cool! I respect you for that. Insulting Kansas used to provoke a way-too-predicable reaction.
Could you define "extremely offensive" please?
I'm sure Koko has a nice pastebin describing that >.>
"I was just kidding about the Cansas thing. It was just too tempting.
Watch who you're calling a noob."
Of course, just because I'm being nice gives you no excuse to misspell my state's name...
Everyone knows it's spelled Canzis.
Gosh kestrel, you're such a comment stealer.
:/
Mwahahahaha
"OMG THAT GLEE PROMO.





BUT THEN QUINN SLAPPED RACHEL AND I WAS LIKE ""NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO""




That is all, thank you for your time."
"LIV.

THERE IS A TIME AND PLACE FOR BIG GIFS: NEVER AND NOT HERE.

THANK YOU AND GOOD NIGHT."
koko go back to studying for APs! NOW!!!!!
wat
"LOL x)

States this weekend. >.< i feel sorry for everyone going nats from my state."
It's about time for the next board game avatar, and if none of you get this one this will be quite a pathetic forum
"I don't want to hear anything about math again this week. >_> I started the state assessment for math today - it was so utterly boring that by question seven of 29, I was ready to give up and start clicking random answers. Good thing I didn't.
amerikestrel wrote:
zyzzyva98 wrote:
Of course, just because I'm being nice gives you no excuse to misspell my state's name...
Everyone knows it's spelled Canzis.
Haha! I tend to make fun of where I live all the time... Kansas jokes are funny to me. Canadian insults smash my berserk button, though. Too bad I'm almost a stereotypical Canadian - I used to play hockey and ice skate, and I love anything involving maple syrup and\or poutine.
zyzzyva98 wrote:
It's about time for the next board game avatar, and if none of you get this one this will be quite a pathetic forum
Haha, I got it."
I love that game! Especially since we have a really old one from I guess the early 80's, and it still has the Soviet Union as an answer instead of Russia. lol
OMG!!!! I got a new avatar!!!!! (Well, it was about time.... I've had the old one since like.... December, when I joined.)
Bro. Steal my job and you die >.<
"winneratlife wrote:
Bro. Steal my job and you die >.<
STABBINGS ALL AROUND"
"I guess I'm pathetic >_>
Can you tell me what it's from? or maybe pm me if you want to give other people a chance to guess first..."
Ooh! Ooh! I know! Pick me!
"Z: its not from Monopoly.

Why does everyone have stardized testing/AP this week."
"It's Trivial Pursuit... And I even knew that without actually playing the game...
EDIT: I just lost the game."
"Day 3 of illness. Today's symptoms: red eyeballs, racking smoker's cough and mucus in my trachea.
I want to go back to school."
I want to go home. I feel like I could pass out right now.
I miss my friends.
This school year cannot end fast enough for me. ugh, a week and a half left
I envy you. I have until the end of June.
I get out after the first week of june.
1,500 point lead in Jeopardy today in Social Studies
Sweetcoop got PWND by the AP Calc test today.
wut
EASTstroudsburg13 appreciates the newfound randomness in this thread and will now commence speaking in third person. Yes, he does realize other users have done this. No, he does not intend to copy them.
The AP calc test got PWNED by ophiophagus today. Did you take AB or BC?
winneratlife also pwned the BC test. He found the multiple choice really easy compared to previous years and is convinced he got at most 1 wrong.
Same here. EASTstroudsburg13 answered all questions with relative confidence, which was more than in practice tests given by his calc teacher.
Calculus AB = Baby Math
FullMetalMaple would like to congratulate you, winneratlife, ophiophagus, and Infinity Flat on your pwnage of the AP Calc exams and console sweetcoop on his being pwned. Since she is not allowed to take AP classes until next year, she would like to say she pwned a Trig test this morning.
winneratlife would like to point out that there is no way in heaven or opposite that you could have possibly been doing CalcAB in the crib.
"You do know the difference between AB and BC, right???

And my school does AB, we aren't large enough to have a need to do BC. Juniors that pass the AP calc test just take Calc 2 and Calc 3 online through UCCS."
Me taked grammar class.
Paleonaps has been pwned by mucus.
Cheesy Pie wants to do astronomy in science.
49ers is confused! (and agrees with above person cause he's so sick of chemistry...)
"And I say...
C-C-COMBO BREAKER"
Same here. EASTstroudsburg13 answered all questions with relative confidence, which was more than in practice tests given by his calc teacher.
Calculus AB = Baby Math
FullMetalMaple would like to congratulate you, winneratlife, ophiophagus, and Infinity Flat on your pwnage of the AP Calc exams and console sweetcoop on his being pwned. Since she is not allowed to take AP classes until next year, she would like to say she pwned a Trig test this morning.
winneratlife would like to point out that there is no way in heaven or opposite that you could have possibly been doing CalcAB in the crib.
"You do know the difference between AB and BC, right???

And my school does AB, we aren't large enough to have a need to do BC. Juniors that pass the AP calc test just take Calc 2 and Calc 3 online through UCCS."
Me taked grammar class.
Paleonaps has been pwned by mucus.
Cheesy Pie wants to do astronomy in science.
49ers is confused! (and agrees with above person cause he's so sick of chemistry...)
"And I say...
C-C-COMBO BREAKER"
Same here. EASTstroudsburg13 answered all questions with relative confidence, which was more than in practice tests given by his calc teacher.
Calculus AB = Baby Math
FullMetalMaple would like to congratulate you, winneratlife, ophiophagus, and Infinity Flat on your pwnage of the AP Calc exams and console sweetcoop on his being pwned. Since she is not allowed to take AP classes until next year, she would like to say she pwned a Trig test this morning.
winneratlife would like to point out that there is no way in heaven or opposite that you could have possibly been doing CalcAB in the crib.
"You do know the difference between AB and BC, right???

And my school does AB, we aren't large enough to have a need to do BC. Juniors that pass the AP calc test just take Calc 2 and Calc 3 online through UCCS."
Me taked grammar class.
Paleonaps has been pwned by mucus.
Cheesy Pie wants to do astronomy in science.
49ers is confused! (and agrees with above person cause he's so sick of chemistry...)
"And I say...
C-C-COMBO BREAKER"
Chizi Py tuk a spelin klas.
"And winneratlife responds with:

KOKONILLY, Y U NO STUDYING

Style has won The Game."
Lolliexdd hasn't been able to talk since the weekend. Her voice keeps cracking. Her friends have mocked her, and today she had to read the Kings part in Hamlet.. People tell her she should stay home, but she has missed enough school already.
"Good grief.

I feel that I need to keep breaking this trend..."
Cheesy Pie wants to punch her lab partner in the face (or at least slap him on the back)
I just lost The Game!!! GRRRR..... @#^&^$*%(^&) now i am even more mad!
I REFUSE TO CONFORM TO THIRD-PERSON SPEECH
"winneratlife thinks Koko should be very glad he is very lazy.

winneratlife had this brilliant idea to make a ""KOKONILLY, Y U NO STUDYING"" banner for his signature, but decided that photoshopping was too much work."
Cheesy Pie says that Kokonilly will be pwned for not talking in 3rd person.
"You suck.
Cheesy Pie wrote:
Cheesy Pie says that Kokonilly will be pwned for not talking in 3rd person.
I disagree."
What's wrong with second person?
Everything, Cheesy Pie says!
49ers doesnt see a problem with 2nd person, but doesn't wish to speak in that form of speech currently.
Cheesy Pie agrees.
Bah, as of this moment Sweetcoop will not speak in third person untill everyone else stops. They stole the one thing special to him on the forums.
"http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6uJ5VeXvXtg

Love that music (and coaster, too )"
"Okay. Let him do it guys, he came up with it first.

We will all bow to your 3rd personness."
...and, as always, I ultimately prevail.
"No, sweetcoop prevailed. You will never prevail against me Koko!

Ohandnewsigissweet"
"Wow... I think I just lost brain cells reading through 3 pages of useless spam. But then again, when is spam useful?

On the contrary, I just have my Geometry Readiness Test that I am so going to pwn, since it's graded on a curve and I'm so going to get the highest score. XD"
Did you except to find something useful in any way here, at the Daily Random Comment thread?
You think that you are done speaking in third person, but you are suddenly speaking in neither third nor first person. "What has happened?" you think, as the realization slowly creeps across your mind.
"You are now speaking in the second person.

bum bum BUM!!"
You are so right.
"You then find yourself in a Choose-Your-Own Adventure Story.
Are you going to go over the trench or through it? (points to whoever gets the reference)"
We should have that as a posting game this summer.
I get it! Ummm, through it? Or how about both. I used to read all the possibilities, because my first choice usually ended with me dying. And if it didn't, I would read the other options anyway.
OH, OH, FINDING NEMO????? GO THROUGHHHHHH THE TRENCH!
You were always too conservative with those books and you always ended up finishing them in about five choices.
I just realize how weird I must look when I open the mailbox, retrieve the mail, and start celebrating when the Wienerschnitzel coupons arrive.

And then you create a "Choose Your Own Adventure" game.
"My summer goals:

...

Oh wait, there's still 25 days of school left.*

*School days, not weekends."
I seem to have misplaced my schadenfreude, has anyone seen it?
Ah, this is the time of year that I get to celebrate getting out of school earlier than everyone else (sans college students, of course). Makes up for having to go back earlier.
When do you get out of school, Z? I get out like.... let me check my calendar.... on June 16th..... and I started on like... on August 25.... (Would those dates by considered early or late?)
June 13.
I bet you get out earlier and go back later than we do. Everyone in Kansas seems to.
I have a stuffed rat that says "Wow" in some random voice when you squeeze it. It's so funny!!!!
Wow, I get out June 9th. And I usually go back around September 1st. We have relatively short breaks (eg, 1.5 week winter break and 2-3 day spring break), so that might explain it.
May 23 : D
June 14th I get out. I have finals until June 24th. I go back September 1st this year.
"Wow... those are really short breaks.... I think my Spring Break is like... 2 weeks long. My Winter Break is 3 weeks long. We get like.... 3-5 Teacher Furlough days throughout the entire school year. We get holidays off, and the whole week of Thanksgiving. (But it WOULD be nice to get out of school earlier, seeing how hot it is during this time of year where I live.)
zyzzyva98 wrote:
May 23 : D
I wish I could get out of school that early.... *sigh* Unfortunately, I don't."
"Dang it, you get out before I even start finals. :\
prelude to death wrote:
I wish I could get out of school that early.... *sigh* Unfortunately, I don't.
Yeah, you do get out kind of late compared to me. But I remember people in Canada getting out around 29 June.

At least I have an old novel manuscript to edit during classes when I don't want to work or pay attention. It's really disheartening to realize I was such a terrible writer only a year ago, though. \sigh"
That's almost like our year, except we get out on the 15th I think. We've had about 10 snow days though (one was actually a flood day), maybe that's what changed it so much for us..
"/me stabs!

I get out June 20. YES THAT'S A MONDAY."
That's sort of torture, forcing you to go just one... more... monday
Seems like we're the earliest to get out, June 2nd or 3rd this year for us...
Ha I get out on May 20th.
I feel like I haven't been on this site in forever, but then I though about it, and it's only been like a week. Just shows how often I used to be on here, and even that is nothing compared to some of you guys
At home sick right now. I didn't want to subject myself to another day of school in the state I was in yesterday right before the AP Euro test... But it was worth it, I guess. I managed to sleep in and my throat feels a lot better.
"...Sleeping?

KOKONILLY, Y U NO STUDYING?"
"STUDYING IS USELESS IF YOU'RE TOO MISERABLE TO GET UP.
But I'm feeling a lot better now... thanks for asking."
"Fluzzy puppies!

Well, just being random."
"I get out on the may 30 (I think)

Koko, how did you get sick from naps? I thought he was a few hundred miles away."
I am. But it sounds like we have the exact same thing. I have a sore throat again, but I will force myself into school tomorrow.
"Mhm. See, you just know me so well that you know that my first concern is your health; I'm just too cool to ask. You read between the lines well, Koko
Littleboy wrote:
I get out on the may 30 (I think)

Koko, how did you get sick from naps? I thought he was a few hundred miles away.
You definitely don't...MI doesn't start until after Labor Day lolwut

APUSH TOMORROW AHHHHHH"
"Magic.
paleonaps wrote:
I am. But it sounds like we have the exact same thing. I have a sore throat again, but I will force myself into school tomorrow.
Yeah, I kind of have to go to school tomorrow because of Euro...
winneratlife wrote:
See, you just know me so well that you know that my first concern is your health; I'm just too cool to ask. You read between the lines well, Koko"
"It's true.

And I think you got me sick too"
:O It must be a strain that Scioly-ers get, because I'm sick too. I've been sick since the end of spring break.
Yay allergies!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=pl ... zuc#at=112
"Um… actually I start the last week of august and the last time I checked that was before labor day.

Teachers: People who think we have no lives so they give us 3901813590 million hours of homework."
For some reason, I get the feeling this summer's temperature is going to be lower with more summer pollen and bugs. ^^
"I feel like I'm about to burn up from just standing outside and playing with hulahoops during P.E. Completely pointless P.E. period. Our task was to figure out 10 different ways to use a hulahoop.

Wow.... how can you guys get out so early and go back so late? I feel like my school district is really messed up now..... >_<"
pineapple...time...
Recently, I realized I am incredibly adept at injuring myself. I am also surprised that I have not caught this mysterious illness, considering I have an awful immune system.
this is a random comment
Yes, the Golden Pigs fly at midnight, but do not talk to them; they speak only lies and treachery.
As many of you know, the sassy has killed me. Now time for a funeral.
Nah littleboy, we will just toss you in the middle of the ocean.
If that was a bin Laden reference...
I think it was...
Not really sure how to respond to that, then... I just finished the Time article about that.
Sooo... how bout them Royals?
They've actually won more than they've lost... They're playing right now and winning. 2011 must be the end of the world, not 2012.
Woot! The Cardinals are 18-14. Also, the Twins broke their 6 lose streak.
NIce .379 winning percentage your Twins have there.
"GO PHILLIES!
Randomness......."
Yankees...
Yay, go NY Yankees!
"I just discovered that, along with all of the other atrocities that it commited against my computer, Ubuntu corrupted the 1812 Overture, thus ruining my day. Thankfully, there is very little of the day left.
I HATE UBUNTU."
"Are you saying I'm a terrorist?
Just to keep you out of the trouble of throwing me in the ocean, I will come back to life."
OK maybe not the ocean but how about we give you a burial in Lake Michigan?
Well if I wanted to do that, then I'd walk the half mile and jump in.
"This is my daily random comment.



That is all."
NO. DO NOT POLLUTE OUR LAKE. THANKS.
Well than, how does the floating trash dump in the Pacific sound. That is already polluted.
It's 80 degrees outside right now... that doesn't even make sense.
"FAIL. We're in Pennsylvania, silly.

Phillies FTW!

Shouldn't this be in the baseball thread?"
The canadians already dump their crap in our state. Keep your corpses out!
"Hey... >_>

I wish I were back there right now. I hate dancing in this weather."
"Pacquiao-Mosley fight coming up... Go Pac-Man!

(I keep track of one sport and one sport alone.)"
"I died a little inside, but thankfully Pandora Radio has helped bring that little bit of me back to life.

I can now officially say that ""Friday"" by Rebecca Black is the worst song that I have ever heard!!!"
Second. Next 2 some song called "my jeans"
and followed by all of Justin Beibers songs
THANK YOU.
I just had two awesome grilled cheese sandwiches. However, now it is time to start on my homework that I've been neglecting for the entire weekend. *sigh*
I just realized I zoned out for about half a minute.
"Nahh, I'm from NJ(don't hate on me! :'[ ) I can't just change my team! Haha I only like the Phillies when it means no homework.

Maybe, but this IS for random comments too."
I just finished one of the most amazing books I've ever read. And found a new favorite author...
which book would that be?
"It's The Five People You Meet in Heaven by Mitch Albom. I was going to read something else for my English class, but my teacher wouldn't let me, so I randomly picked up this book and finished it really quickly. I really liked it.

Now, let's hope my teacher lets me write my report on it, considering she wouldn't let someone else do so."
http://uncyclopedia.wikia.com/wiki/Science_Olympiad
I wonder who wrote that...
what if its someone here
what does it say? it is blocked for me.
they changed the science part it used to say something along the lines of " science is were you shoot bottle rockets and catapults at the other team, and then dance on the ashes of their dead body.
"Got a date to prom. And two dozen dying roses.
Felt like I should share that with you guys aha (:"
"Woo, just finished the AP Bio test. It went much better than I thought it would, except a lot of people in the room finished the FRQ portion super early. Like, a half hour before testing was over. It was weird.
And now I'm stuck at the school where I took the test (my school doesn't offer it, so I had to take it elsewhere). Hopefully my dad comes to get me soon... this school is weird."
Yay for typing with one hand... There's a reason you don't push people on quad skates when they're already on a really cracked, bumpy sidewalk.
"You don't want to know why. It's also a forbidden topic.
Kokonilly wrote:
RandomPerson wrote:
Who else here also loves chat?
I do! I'll be back on Friday, I promise. Once Human Geography is over. But I'll probably be on sporadically until nats is over anyway... after that, I won't have a life. So I'll be there a lot.
Can't wait!"
I was informed about it being forbidden shortly after asking.
"Hello.


Currently counting down until tomorrow's Glee episode."
"I thought I was through with being busy when April ended. Guess I was wrong. I've got something going on for about ten or twelve days straight. I'm used to at least getting a day off somewhere in there.

Just ask someone about the bodybuilding incidents
RandomPerson wrote:
Who else here also loves chat?
/raises hand
Kokonilly wrote:
I do! I'll be back on Friday, I promise. Once Human Geography is over. But I'll probably be on sporadically until nats is over anyway... after that, I won't have a life. So I'll be there a lot.
Poetry Wednesdays are sort of dead while you're not around. >.>
trajectoryroxs wrote:
Hello.


Currently counting down until tomorrow's Glee episode.
I heard Glee is singing Friday tonight. Finally, a song that they can't make any worse!"
"I just realized... Eastview is really highly favored on the nationals prediction contest.

...sorry?"
Not to burst your bubble, but so are Ames and Bishop Kelly, and no offense, they haven't cracked top 30 in history.
Yea I didn't get that because you weren't even going to go until not that long ago.
Hence the laugh. Though I do hope we crack top 30... >.<
I put you as #1 for the prediction contest to make you feel better and I had no clue so I just BSed it all.
Haha... that's sort of what I did too, except I think I put Eastview as like, #4 or something, but still... I don't know all that many schools besides the ones from CA, so yeah.
http://www.calculus-help.com/storage/fu ... ormula.mp3
"I just made a discovery: My school doesn't block xkcd! /cry tears of joy
Edit: nevermind. The computers are linked together in this computer lab and the teacher was logged on to the main one, which wound up unblocking stuff for the rest... i'll keep that in mind."
"AP World tomorrow...
oh dear god..."
Spring in the mountains is awesome, currently about an inch of snow has fallen and it has been snowing all throughout the day.
It's world. Don't be distraught. I got a 5 no problem - did the MC in about 15 minutes, and finished the three essays before we were recommended to start the third. Relax
"There are two ways this could be seen:
1. Paleonaps is freaking out because he feels unprepared, in which case you look like a complete and utter tool for bragging about how ready you are.
2. Paleonaps is freaking out because it's an AP test, in which case you look like a complete and utter tool for bragging about how good you are at it."
took the words right out of my mouth...
MIchigan - Why does our weather have to be 90+˚ today
ugh..it's sooo humid here! and were south of you guys!
Yes but Antarctica is south of us too but they are colder.
ok ok ok ....fine...relative to the equator...there, satisfied?
Success! I finally found my phone. Just in time for nationals, too. Now you'll all be able to stalk me.
I was freaking out for both reasons, but I PWN'D it today. I don't think quiz looked like an utter tool for bragging though- it was very easy, after all. But I only finished the essays ten minutes before the end.
Well... if it were me, I would not be comforted about an AP test by someone telling me that it was really easy for them.
I actually only just saw that. I haven't been on since I posted that.
I'll only be able to stalk you if you come pick me up </3
"I have created a biology version of the pokemon theme song:
http://pastebin.com/Z5y0fGw9
Any suggestions on how to improve it would be welcome."
Oh, get walking. You have about a week.
Do you mind if I steal this and show it to one of my teachers? or two... or three... hell, every teacher that teaches any form of science. Because this is just awesome
That just made my day.
"As long as you don't take personal credit for it, that would be fine

And glad to hear that prelude."
"That just made my day too
It was excellent"
"YES. HUMAN GEOGRAPHY IS OVER, AND WITH IT AP TESTING!

Too bad I'm stuck at the weird school again..."
EARLY DISMISSAL FTW!!!
I missed an AP Euro field trip today for the Human Geo test... so now I'm at Lang, teacherless and peerless, listening to bird calls.
"Today was not a good day at my school....

1) 4-car accident in the parking lot this morning. Apparently, someone rear-ended someone else, who ran into someone else, who then crashed into someone else.
2) One of the Tech teachers got fired and the administration won't tell us why...

On a brighter note, I get to scream at/order around band kids tomorrow for 7 hours thanks to Music in the Parks."
"I found out today that my team is getting a new coach. Again.

\sighs

I want my first coach back."
I am so psyched for our marching show next year.
We're going to that May 20.
I have 504 posts
"I did the Christian Bale rant in my English class today.
It did not go as planned."
naps has the most useful posts
No, robotman probably does. I was (am? I hope not) a huge spammer.
I have just came to the very real realization that in exactally 5 days, I will be completly finished with high school, and have 14 weeks till I start college.
I have exactly 333 useful posts.
I have 295 useful posts
I only have 102 "useful" posts
"Hey, that's more than me.

Getting sick is the worst thing that can happen to you. It makes your brain Swiss Cheese."
Did anyone see this?
For choir, I assume? I won't get to hear/see you guys then. My school only hosts band (because of the three host schools, we're the only ones with a large enough stage to accommodate large 90-person-ish bands ), and even if they did host choir, I'm not working that day.
I did. what christian bale rant? Have you done it before?
"Littleboy wrote:
I have 295 useful posts
Kokonilly wrote:
I have exactly 333 useful posts.
quadratic wrote:
naps has the most useful posts
None of these posts are useful."
Neither was yours. I thought 333 was neat, but I posted on a nats thread so now the balance is gone. Ah well.
333 is half of the devil.
I'VE BEEN FOUND OUT
HENCE THE MORBID AVATAR
Mwahahaha
paleonaps has now overtaken me as top spammer.
I have now overtaken paleonaps. Got a board warning
lol same here cheesypie...for IL 2011 forum...
I'm not posting on il 2011 for a week to see if the problem gets better.
oh....yeah...me too....
"Oddly enough, now everyone thinks I'm a psychopath.
EDIT: What's a board warning?"
This thread holds the record for the most views on Posting Games.
board warning: probably something you get when you post too many random things on a forum...well, i got one and i THINK that is what it means...
Well Koko, that explains a lot. Like that time you punched Dox in the face during Multi.
Wait, what?
...That was an accident. (I believe it also happened to be his birthday.)
I believe you got a board warning for the excessive language involved in that youtube link for the Christian Bale rant.
"I did not, as a matter of fact.
You know, the fact that I posted the link did not force anyone to click on it."
Yeah, you still lose it.
"No, but its natural for anyone to click any link they come across.People generally respect each other here, and so they think if someone posts a link they are saying that they like it. The reader will by extension think its something they will be interested in it as well.

Since this is a forum that also includes Division B kids, its imperative to be careful about swearing. Its a no no paleonaps (and I'm fairly sure a rule, too lazy to check) to post something with swearing. If there is a little swearing that isn't extreme, then it may be okay (or maybe not, I'll have to check the rules), but you have to give people a warning first!

If you didn't get a forum warning for that, then I think you deserve one.
...Seriously Palenonaps, I thought this was common sense! (that video has a f-bomb within the first few seconds)."
and several every few seconds following that for the rest of the video haha
"I apologize to everyone. I think this epitomizes what happened at my school- I THOUGHT MORE PEOPLE KNEW WHAT THE CBR WAS.
Therefore, I didn't think a warning was needed."
"That's irrelevant! The majority of other forums I visit you'd get much worse than a warning.
Relevant part of the rules you broke:
1. No profanity or inappropriate language. This is a message board for a school activity that is meant for both high school and middle school students."
"Please do not post links to inappropriate media on any board. Using this:

as your excuse is like saying ""I shot someone, but I didn't force them to die"". If it isn't appropriate don't post it, and if you have any doubts use the parent rule which is ""If you would say/show this to a parent or elder you can post it""."
"Well, I did show it to my parents, but I understand. I broke the rules, and won't do it again.
I'm sorry to any and all I upset."
rofl.
soo cute!
"Oh wow... it just randomly started raining 2 minutes ago. My dog came in and she was SOAKED. Now she's running around the house like her tail's on fire. I better go dry her off. And that is my daily random comment.

Cute picture by the way!"
Does anyone know the chances of all the planets in our solar system being lined up in a straight line?
Yay! My band conductor let me have a copy of the full score for O Magnum Mysterium!
"We played Mafia in Social Studies but it was Red Scare themed. I was a communist spy and ended up winning the game(was not arrested by FBI or the USA citizens). And because of that, USA ""became"" a communist nation. Sorry guys.



edit: And it was pretty funny considering my great great great great uncle by marriage is Karl Marx. I was perfect for the role lol."
liv corrupted us ahhh! run!
"Wow...
Okay, I'm leaving tomorrow right after school. See y'all there!!
And, for those not going, WATCH THE WEBCAST."
"The planets align in a straight line once every five thousand years with the next time being in December 2012 (when the Mayan long calender ends at the time in which the world is supposedly going to end). That would mean that the probability is 1 if it is for all time (or an infinite amount), 0.0002 for any time during 1 year, 0.002 for any time during a decade, 0.02 for any time during a century, 0.2 for any time during a millennium, about 0.0000167 for any time during a month, and 0.000004167 for any time during a week.

Edit: The probability is 0.000000595 for any time during a day, 0.000000024 for any time during an hour, 0.00000024 for any time during a decahour, 0.0000024 for any time during a hectohour, 0.000024 for any time during a kilohour, 0.024 for any time during a megahour, and 24 for any time during a gigahour. On a different topic, I wonder how many people here know metric notation?"
sweet! we launched into this talk in science class about this...quite a jump from evolution... but it was interesting
Since i now refuse to post in the 10000 post thread and no one there believes that i won't post there for a week, I'd like to place a little bet
like?
Your social studies class sounds awesome. It sure sounds a lot more interesting than the "fun" stuff we do. And Karl Marx? Nice.
OMG, thanks!!!! Haha, it's something my alg2 teacher told me to find out XDDDDD we have the weirdest convos in math class. Thanks tho!
"lucky! i wish we did interesting things in math..we were ""learning a lesson"" (math lesson) but i knew it, so i sat in the back reading, i finished one big book, and my teacher didn't care...then again, im one of the ""good kids""

wait, your in algebra 2 this year? what year of high school are you in? im learning algebra 2 next year...in 8th grade...thats my last year of science olympiad (maybe) but my last in div B..."
Haha, at my school, alg2 is for 10th grade, but i'm graduating early, so i'm in alg2 and precal as a freshman. XD So you guys' classes and stuff are really ahead.
hmm, thats weird...but then again, im in the most advanced for our grade...i think im the only chinese girl in algebra 1 right now...and next year too...and theres only 3 other asian girls...but a lot of asians in general
How do you graduate early (I want to graduate early to have more time for college when I am in college)?
Haha, I could graduate early if I took a semester of English and driver's ed over the summer. Then I could graduate this fall.
"I am in GeometryI this year(8th grade) and will do AlgII/GeometryII in my first semester next year.
Then I will do functions and trig. in the seconde semester.
in tenth grade i will do pre calc. A and B.
I will do AP calc A and B in eleventh grade.
After that i will do some sort of advanced math."
Hmm... from what I know of calc (and how my school does it), you can't go to more advanced math without taking AP Calc BC. But your school might do it differently.
Just wondering, what is there after Calculus? (I ask this because my super-smart friend who made it to Nat'l Mathcounts is testing out of Pre-calc over the summer...so he'll take Calc as a freshman.)
Impressive! After Calc BC (or its equivalent of Calc 1 and 2), there's Calc 3 (also known as Multivariable Calculus, what I'm currently in), Linear Algebra, Differential Equations (which we're touching on right now in Multi), and a LOT more. But that's about what you can realistically get to in high school. Stats should also be taken somewhere in there.
I'm taking AP stats senior year after Calc BC, assuming I survive.
"I'm so sick of English right now. Have part of a term paper due on Thursday. Don't want to do it, but have to. Don't have energy to speak in complete sentences anymore.

/deflates"
im sick of english too, well 16th century english because i have to read shakespear
"For Texas, (KatyISD, but others may work the same), you just have to get all 26 credits needed in 3 years. Of course, that requires taking summer school and getting at least 2-3 credits in 8th grade, taking World Geo in summer school after 8th, and then just cramming everything in during the school years and summer.

For us, AP Stats is after AP Calc, or one could also take Special Topics (engineering stuff)"
"*looks at state*

*coughs ""TJ kid""*
space scientist wrote:
2win wrote:
Haha, at my school, alg2 is for 10th grade, but i'm graduating early, so i'm in alg2 and precal as a freshman. XD So you guys' classes and stuff are really ahead.
How do you graduate early (I want to graduate early to have more time for college when I am in college)?
Over here, we're not allowed to grad early, which is a shame because all of my good friends are a year older than me, so I think I'm probably headed off to either Europe or Australia senior year for foreign exchange

Why would you want to grad early though? Either way, you're only in college for 4 years..."
You could totally be in college for less, or more. and call me officially envious. I've been denied 2 opportunities to go to Germany within the last year
Ehhhh, my high school's kinda boring. I just wanna get it over with. Besides, i'm not allowed to go to Prom, homecoming, etc, so no point in needing a senior year.
>.< My mom is encouraging me to go to prom et al. to get the "full high school experience".
Yes, and that experience does not include Apples to Apples.
"My parents have granted me full right to go wherever I want senior year, since I'll have taken all the APs that mean anything.

Yeah, but it costs money for college. A LOT of it.
Kokonilly wrote:
>.< My mom is encouraging me to go to prom et al. to get the ""full high school experience"".
Why wouldn't you? o.O"
But I've done both, and in my experience, Apples to Apples has the potential to be more fun than Prom.
"Apples to Apples is the best game ever created. Well, besides Catchphrase. I think they're tied.
winneratlife wrote:
Kokonilly wrote:
>.< My mom is encouraging me to go to prom et al. to get the ""full high school experience"".
Why wouldn't you? o.O
...because...
Bogoradwee wrote:
But I've done both, and in my experience, Apples to Apples has the potential to be more fun than Prom.
Apples to Apples at nationals?"
"Then why haven't they been featured in my avatar?

(I have no idea why I'm on Trivial Pursuit right now. It's too bright, but I'm too lazy to change it)

EDIT: Arrow fail."
"They? It? What?

And because you have weird standards."
English not doing anything to help. Still speaking in incomplete sentences. No energy left. Want to go to sleep. Must leave term paper. Must go away. Cannot go away. Losing brain cells. Must go to math homework instead. Cannot. English absorbing my willpower. English taking me away from scioly.org. English mean. English bad. Why? English sucks.
No, I can honestly say that the best way to have fun at prom would be to go without a date, and to just hang out with friends while there. That is what I did this year and had the most fun that I had had in a while.
lol same...asian parents *sigh*
Currently doing my Earth Science lab in tech class.
Sweetcoop is about to head back to his school for last hour after he went home to take a 2 hour nap/lunch. Gosh Sweetcoop loves being a senior.
"What's the term paper on? Just wondering.

I have to play a flute solo in front of a lot of people in a few hours. Fingers crossed that I don't throw up on stage. (Menuet and Spirit Dance from Orpheus by C.W. von Gluck, if there are any music lovers reading this. )"
Band concert tonight!!!!
Yesterday during second hour, we watched Inception. Today during first hour, I watched people play video games on the projector.
No, because I'm a serious gamer.
the ugly toad jumped over the wall
"Ugh, I hear you. I have three papers due this week, as well as a massive journalism project that has been causing me ridiculous amounts of stress. Currently, my brain = scrambled eggs.

But, instead of working on all these things, I looked at some of my family's genealogical records when I got home from school today. Apparently, George Lucas is my distant cousin... At least I have one interesting relative, haha."
Busch Gardens Williamsburg's "2012" coaster's name (and some pics) were revealed! *squeal*
I'm more interested in Hersheypark's 2012 coaster info. Alpha, have you heard any news?
We got to pick our own topics, so I made mine about as interesting to me as I could. Probably would've done the Bermuda Triangle, but I had to pick something about a problem that's going on in the world today, so I picked genetic engineering and its effect on agriculture. (Mine's like, the only paper that's even remotely related to science, seeing as others are doing high school dropouts, obesity, the endangerment of pandas, etc.)
WISCONSIN!!!
SEE YOU THERE!
I'm typing this from the computers in Union South
my school has the closest SO team to the SO headquaters 4.40300e-13 lightyears or 4.16556 km away to be exact
"Jealous. We're packing vans tonight and leaving tomorrow!

EDIT: My name is officially on my fossils binder! It's go time. We're going to nationals. After two weeks of slowly losing all of what little sanity I had... tomorrow. AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH"
Typing this from the dorm in Madison! Ogg Hall is really nice. The workshops were fun. fishman100, it sounds like I missed you by a couple hours at the Union South computers. Hope to meet some of you this weekend!
good luck everyone at nats!
I just met Paleonaps! We did the awkward shoulder-staring-greeting thing! It was epic.
This must happen at least once at the swap meet.
And THAT is precisely why I refuse to go. Unless Koko ships me a...Corvette.
I thought you wanted her to pick you up at three?
That works too! Thanks Koko!
"Then I'm not picking you up.
Leaving tomorrow. Bed now. See you guys (hopefully) at the swap meet!"
Just about 9 months ago, this seemed like it was still years away, but yet I sit here typing this as I realize that tomorrow I will be going to my very last day of high school ever. Tis been a dissappointing year for the most part, but I have such an awesome class that all the dissappointments have been made up for.
"I type this from the Hampton Inn West! Just got here about... oh, 45 minutes to a half hour ago. I slept pretty much the entire way here (we took vans) and now my back really hurts. But we're here!

EDIT: Apparently we're sharing the hotel with people from Kansas City. Is that Pembroke, or have I just gone insane?"
Kansas City as in the metropolitan area, or as in the city itself?
All they said was 'Kansas City, Missouri'.
That would be Pembroke.
"So jealous of everyone in Wisconsin right now. Sooo jealous.

But I got to go to the KC Rep last night. So... uh... YEAH. So there. >_>

I was seriously the youngest person there. But the performance of Peer Gynt was extremely enjoyable. I feel culturally superior to pretty much everyone today."
Pembroke Hill *cringe*
"KOKO Y U NO COME AT 3?

*raises eyes*"
"she told you to contact dox about getting picked up

feel?
i think your feeling may be wrong"
"Nope, nothing. Of course, I don't pay much attention to that kind of stuff...seeing as I abhor anything and everything that has to do with tourists.

Edit: I feel like a hypocrite saying that now, since I'm going to Disney in November. I can only imagine how much the people in FL hate tourists."
I'm going to Hershey Park in a few weeks. Sorry.
"I mean culturally superior as in I have witnessed a cultural event and-

Aw, never mind, I just played Brawl and that sort of ruined it."
"Today in my theology class, some kid decided he'd try to swear in German because he was really angry about something.

The problem? My teacher turned out to be fluent in German.

(And good luck to all the teams - especially Kansas teams - at nationals! Cheepcheep, you'd better place in Astronomy or else. )"
"AAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHH

SO GUESS WHO I MET TODAY (who is not from Minnesota):
bear, robotman, rocketman, hangfromthefloor, happysciencepie, Infinity Flat (who was so kindly volunteered for the 'electric chair'-esque thing), paleonaps, and... I think that's it.

Also, if any of you were watching the life feed, luo and I carried the Minnesota state flag and they messed up. So we went twice.

Super tired now. But it was a terrific day."
"good luck everybody!

koko, say hi to soccerkid for me"
"Oh my God...competition in a few hours.
For anyone at nats wishing to meet me, I will probably be at the geology museum from 10:30 to 1:00 (between birds and fossils).
Good luck to everyone!"

For once quadratic is funny. Anyway physics FTW!!!!!!
"https://spreadsheets.google.com/ccc?hl= ... meoF#gid=0

This is the result of our planning. We are currently inviting 15 people from the forums who we know well enough from IRC to plan to move to Arkansas. I will then use my mafia contacts to start a school that the 15 of us will attend, and our class periods will be:

1. SciO
2. SciO
3. Lunch
4. Lunch
5. SciO
6. SciO"
Single-digits in fossils?!
Lol two lunch periods.
"I thought we said that I would join the Experimental Team?
I'll also go for DyPlan with ZAHHHHHHHHHH."
I could fill in Keep the Heat, Disease Detectives, Anatomy, and Forensics (assuming that it's the same thing as Science Crime Busters in Div. B). However, this is all assuming that there's still room in the 15.
"Heh, if you want to add me, I'll take any major bio events you still need to fill up.
Anatomy (although I guess prelude has claims to that second spot), Microbe, maybe Dynamic, any other non physics/tech event you really need to fill up."
"lol... think you got me switched for Optics and RS there >.>

I assume WIDI is whoever you want to throw in there at the time slot?"
Put in the dream team for WIDI; they'll get gold at nats for sure!
It's okay, Random. By all means, if you would like the second Anatomy spot, you can have it. After all, I've never really competed in Anatomy before despite testing the best on my team. (It was because of the stupid time conflict with Science Crime Busters.....)
"Put my name in for R&M and Forestry.

And... really? WIDI?"
"LAST PERSON TO SAY ""IT"" HAS TO DO WIDI.





it."
I'll gladly do WIDI!
"First off, it's nose-goes, not ""it""

Second, I already made WIDI teams.

Third, is the tumblr url in your sig really needed? [I'm doing that too now]"
>.> <.< Of course you did.
"Yeah, it actually is needed.
And mine is cooler because one, the link actually works, and two, everything of mine is just automatically cooler.


Oh and nice WIDI team..."
"Oh dear, I sense R&M and Forestry fights in the near future.

And nice WIDI team, winner. I imagine they'll spend more time bickering than WIDI'ing, though.

Edit: I'll take 4N6 and/or ProMod iff no one else will."
Oh, no, I'll do Forensics. And you can't even talk to your partner during WIDI... it would be hard to bicker.
i believe i told winner to put me on wheeled vehicle, keep the heat and helicopters this morning
Can I try for Forestry and R&M?
"Dear Applicant;

Upon review of your personal background, we have come to the conclusion that having Koko on automatically disqualifies you from coming to our school; basically, if you came, Koko would leave, and then luo would leave.

2 outweighs 1.

We apologize and hope you continue to strive for success in the future!

SciOly DreamTeam
Washington DC"
I'll do Disease with prelude.
yes but then if was on soccerkid would join and take kokos place?
'Kay, so assuming that Liv is going to do Disease Detectives with me, we only need people for Helicopters, Keep the Heat, and Wheeled Vehicle now.... (I'm starting to think that this team is slightly lacking in builders....)
"I'll do everything!

*fingers the time turner he stole from Hogwarts*"
But didn't they all get destroyed in the Department of Mysteries in the 5th book? GASP! The only surviving time turner left!!!!
I build lots, I just don't sign up for builds until I know the specs.
I used the time turner to go back and time and retrieve that same time turner >.>
I am back! I feel like i have been gone forever, but i went into PSD (post-Scioly depression) and kinda took a leave from scioly for a month.
I am now experiencing Post-Scioly Depression after the conclusion of the National Tournament.
As am I.
"Paradoxical
Kokonilly wrote:
luo wrote:
kjhsscioly wrote:
I am back! I feel like i have been gone forever, but i went into PSD (post-Scioly depression) and kinda took a leave from scioly for a month.
I am now experiencing Post-Scioly Depression after the conclusion of the National Tournament.
As am I.
*has never experiences this PSD*"
You should try it sometime. The bus ride home reached an all-time low when we finally saw our school. Also, we narrowly missed a tornado.
Actually, I got depression mostly because I realized which mistakes I made. I am actually happy to have some free time now (which will, of course, be spent studying for three SAT II's).
"I heard about that! You guys had a tornado warning, right? Apparently we drive right in between two storm fronts in Wisconsin, then arrived at Eastview to high winds (it rained later). Our trip definitely reached a low upon seeing our school as well.

I should start studying for the SAT in June, but at this point I've kind of lost all motivation to do anything. Hopefully it doesn't last."
It's a lot of fun to skip the first three school periods for the last three days of school.
Is anyone here going to quiz bowl nationals? We qualified, but funding and scheduling didn't work out and it fell through the cracks.
"I notice I was late and am nowhere to be found on the Dream Team.

I am saddened.

Can I be an alternate potentially? In Astro, Protein, and Remote Sensing mostly, and maybe other things, like Optics, Chem Lab, and Disease Detectives."
Haha, I don't have PSD, much more like post-scioly euphoria! Now I get to start studying for next year!
Can I be on the dream team? I am a three time national medalist, after all.
"But that would entail caring, which leads to pain.
EASTstroudsburg13 wrote:
I notice I was late and am nowhere to be found on the Dream Team.

I am saddened.

Can I be an alternate potentially? In Astro, Protein, and Remote Sensing mostly, and maybe other things, like Optics, Chem Lab, and Disease Detectives.
First off, we cap at 5 events. But sure.
paleonaps wrote:
Can I be on the dream team? I am a three time national medalist, after all.
We hit 15 already though. I believe the only events you wanted were events that were in like, 6 way conflicts."
I made a bow and arrow with a rubber band, protractor, and a pencil. It works.
"this kid made a game with a rubber frog
by...
cutting off all it's limbs
such a sadistic kid..."
Yeah, apparently there was a warning, but the tornado only hit North Minneapolis, or at least that's what the news said. Not to mention the irony that there was 90% chance of rain on Saturday in Madison, but it doesn't rain hard until we go back home.
"Isn't that the first sign of a serial killer or something?
haverstall wrote:
Kokonilly wrote:
haverstall wrote:
You should try it sometime. The bus ride home reached an all-time low when we finally saw our school. Also, we narrowly missed a tornado.
I heard about that! You guys had a tornado warning, right? Apparently we drive right in between two storm fronts in Wisconsin, then arrived at Eastview to high winds (it rained later). Our trip definitely reached a low upon seeing our school as well.
Yeah, apparently there was a warning, but the tornado only hit North Minneapolis, or at least that's what the news said. Not to mention the irony that there was 90% chance of rain on Saturday in Madison, but it doesn't rain hard until we go back home.
Haha, the weather was really weird. When we got back it was windy, but then it started raining later that night; apparently it was raining on-and-off the entire day."
"I'm sad that SO is over for the year. On the plus side ,whenever we go to nationals (which isn't often) our season lasts till the end of the school year. so, 4 more months left until we start again, if that.

The homework I have in the next 10 days is going to kill me."
"All of you complaining about Post-Scioly Depression...

You're making those of us who didn't go to nationals feel way more depressed

:("
Yeah, as if gleefully pushing in our faces the glorious times didn't hurt enough :/
Rain is wonderful... except when you stood outside in a downpour with a wimpy umbrella and a camera trying to take pictures for a project... only to discover you're out of batteries.
"Awww.... I just realized that I was kicked off the Dream Team.... (*sigh* Guess I'll have to just stick with my real team then....)

EDIT: I just realized how stupid I was/am.... I'm still in Div. B, so I can't compete in Div. C. /facepalm"
or it is even making those of us that are now finished with Sci Oly more depressed.
"*poke winner*

y u no put me in RS?

Also, why did you list yourself as ""style""?"
"Hence your removal, silly.
zyzzyva98 wrote:
*poke winner*

y u no put me in RS?

Also, why did you list yourself as ""style""?
/facepalm

I didn't even notice the name switch thingy.

And rightt, I think we put quiz in because he needed more events, but now that he has 3...I don't really know. Are you better at the event than him?"
Having never gone head to head, I cannot say.
I completely missed everything in my leave of absence... can someone explain the dream team?
It's a team that they/we're planning on making. When the team's formed, they'll move to Arkansas and compete in order to make it to Nats. That's the gist of it, really.
"Zyzzyva, last year our whole team was very depressed that we failed to win the state tournament and qualify for Nationals. Starting the day after the state tournament, our whole team looked forward to this year with a fiery determination to win. Our team's level of obsession increased as the state tournament approached, and we ended up winning state with the best score in Minnesota in a decade.

The road to Nationals can begin now. Channel your disappointment into determination. I know Olathe North can do it."
Oh heck, I know all about that. We lost out on nats two years ago on what we feel was a judging error.
"This entire conversation makes me feel even worse that I have to compete against your team, Z, even head to head against you in more than one event next year. :\

We want nats, too. But I get the feeling your team wants it more - and almost deserves it more. Time will tell, I suppose.

And...

Finals start tomorrow. And I'm not ready at all. \stress"
And now that's us for next year.
"Erm, no, you actually made it. Nice try.

Last day of school tomorrow ! :D"
Wow, you guys end school early. We end on June 8.
Oh... true. But still.
We end sometime ~June 20th. :\
Yeah, we end around June 16 or something (on a Thursday). (My sister, who's in university, doesn't get out until June 8.)
Our "Summer break" starts almost a month before summer and our "Spring break" is entirely in Winter. Winter break starts in Fall.
"We don't seem to care a whole lot.
luo wrote:
Starting the day after the state tournament, our whole team looked forward to this year with a fiery determination to win.
Don't think we'll have that drive.
luo wrote:
Our team's level of obsession increased as the state tournament approached, and we ended up winning state with the best score in Minnesota in a decade.
We never had any obsession to begin with.
luo wrote:

The road to Nationals can begin now. Channel your disappointment into determination. I know Olathe North can do it.
We can't

Now I hope every single one of my team members reads this and tries to prove me wrong; that would complete my life."
Really, I got done with school last friday.
Ohai senior. Note that you've changed your division. Are you going to help adjudicate next year?
That actually is a good possibility, the college that I am going to go to next year is where the souther regional for Colorado is held.
Two hours into the last day of school and I'm still at home. I really hope I didn't get the schedule wrong.
I'm currently in AP Chem all by myself, because all of the seniors are at Valleyfair for Physics. Without Science Olympiad to do, I'm incredibly bored.
We end on june 9.
Lucky. We end on June 21.
"Ah, so that's why I saw your name as ""online"" this morning!

Why do we still have school? Our state exams end in a week. the only good thing left is the trip to King's Dominion in another months :/"
"lol same..but 9th is one stinkin hour... :/
i dont' understand why we have to come at all"
But alternates are for filling in, so unless we form a second team, I can be a sub for as many events as I want.
"~Three weeks until summer vacation~
My AP Stats class now has a total of four people in it because the rest was seniors, and they're all graduating tomorrow"
"\looks outside

Just when I think we're done with tornadoes for the day... I wonder if one will form over my house this time. Better shut down my laptop and study for finals without it, lest I get yelled at for using it during storms."
</school year>
"I can top that... I am the ONLY person in APES after today

really quite sad..."
"We were setting up chairs and stands this morning in orchestra, and I was attempting to move the podium, which was already half-broken anyways. When I dragged it across stage, part of it fell over with a loud clatter. One of my SciO teammates decided to make fun of me...

Teammate: Ohhhh [Alpha], you broke it!
Me: Hey, it's not as broken as your Mission Possible was.
[Note: The Regional Mission completely failed, so they had to build a new one for States, which didn't work that well either.]
Teammate: *walks away*
Other teammate (also in orchestra): Ooh, that was a burn."
That reminds me. We were playing some new-ish stuff in band today while getting ready for memorial day, and my conductor was furious and just cut us off, yelled, "FLUTES! THERE'S NO WAY YOU SUCK THIS MUCH!" then proceeded to have them play the same 4 measures about 20 times. I was laughing quietly at them the entire time
We've had more tornado warnings in the past week than in the last two years.
I love how everyone comes on *here* when the tornado sirens go off, rather than taking cover.
My computer is in cover, more or less. Better cover is about two meters away. Anyways, I've been on here.
Do you know where your towel is?
Of course. It's hanging on a nail next to my computer so I can wipe the dust off. Speaking of towels, if I wasn't the only one on my team to bring a towel, we would have done much better.
Ran unopposed for team president/captain/whatever-you-want-to-call-it today... It was rather anticlimactic lol
I was hesitant at bringing a towel to school... and I'm happy I didn't. Since Weber(at least I think) promotes NO individuality, nobody would dare to do something different. Not even the kids who actually *like* the book brought a towel. I am disappoint.
Happy towel day to all!
insulted...i play flute...
"There are way too many flutes.

srszly."
There are way too many clarinets and they're all out of tune. But yes, there are too many flutes as well.
"erm, thats when flutes are sharp
clarinets squeak like crazy"
I brought a towel! I felt like one hoopy frood.
By the way, you're all on a planet full of stupid turlingdromes.
can you get unexalted I've notices there are exactly 50 exalts so what is they add a new one
...What?
Actually, they have negative exalted members. It's for spammers. The negative and positive exalts even out. If I were you, I'd stop spamming because being a negative exalt isn't fun.
WOAH, what does that look like? (as in like, umm, negative medals or something...??)
he joking they delete spammers, but on the OBB it looked like this http://scioly.org/obbarchive/member.php ... e&UID=6718
"Okay, g'night all, I'm leaving tomorrow, and won't be back until the first Sunday in June.

Hold all my calls."
Hi
"TheGenius wrote:
By the way, you're all on a planet full of stupid turlingdromes.
Where is brobo in this conversation?"
He probably read some Vogon poetry. (Or Ubuntu formatted his harddrive.)
"My school year is officially over. I'm now an upperclassman...

Cue crazy studying for my events next year!"
You're a senior now, are you? I still have 3 weeks to go, but for the record, seniors only consider seniors upperclassmen, and I'm going to be a senior.
Leaving for the 4-day weekend tomorrow morning. See y'all Tuesday.
bye naps
Leaving for Quiz Bowl (NAQT) National Tournament tomorrow. It's in Atlanta. Will I see any of you there, per chance?
I wish. If only my school funded things that were actually important and not candy for kids who finish their Physics final. >.<
I'll be there. When are you leaving? We're leaving at 12:30 or so.
Cool! Let's try to meet up! Our flight leaves Minneapolis at 5:19 pm. I'll try to wear my red NSO shirt on Saturday; otherwise, I'll still be on the lookout for Raleigh Charter High School. Maybe we'll get to play each other!
quiz will probably be there?
"We're driving... I'll probably be wearing my Raleigh Charter Quiz Bowl shirt (it's dark blue and has a little phoenix over the left breast and says latin on the back). But if we don't have to, I might wear my red NSO shirt.
You go to Mounds View High School, right?"
Awesome! And yes, I go to Mounds View.
"No, we didn't have the funding either :/
Next year! Along with nationals XD!"
"Candy won't pay for a QB trip...OR A TICKET TO MALAYSIA

My Malaysia trip just got canceled."
Ahaha. I'm going to be a junior, actually. Everyone at my school considers juniors and seniors upperclassmen, but... I see your point.
Sorry winner. I wish I were going to both Georgia and Malaysia; I really wish I had more money right now.
Sweetcoop was the outstanding Science Olympiad student for the class of 2011 at his school.
Littleboy was the only person in Science Olympiad in his grade.
Havenguy is among many other Science Olympians at his school.
trajectoryroxs does not have school today.
Cats are sexy.

My friend decidd to have even MORE fun with a permanent marker today... my left arm is pretty much covered
"Again?


You must plot revenge... once more....."
My band conductor just told us what his class did as a senior prank when he graduates. They poured kerosene on the football field to write their year. Then they lit it on fire
"LOL

My sister's band is at Busch Gardens right now. Lucky!"
. If the senior class here tried it... 1) It wouldn't work (or would produce toxic fumes) because our football field is fake grass, and 2) They'd get in WAY more trouble than they did this year. (They had set up a slip-n-slide in the English hallway, and tossed around plastic beachballs and an inflatable shark. I think ~5 people got suspended for it...and they're not allowed to go to prom or walk down the aisle at graduation either.)
Ours is also fake, and if anyone decided to light it on fire they would be owing several million dollars, provided that they are still alive.
My highschools football stadium thing also has fake grass and was just recently (a year or 2 ago) finished (its pretty new)
Severe flood and thunderstorm warnings! Aren't they fun?
we have had some tornado warnings...i think only like a week ago....then there was the mexican grocery store robbery... *sigh*
Four days into summer break and I've already lost track of what day of the week it is.
It's saturday
I figured that out, but I'll probably lose track again in the next few days.
*sigh* It'd be nice to already be on summer break. (I don't get out until 3 more weeks, but I'm so happy there's Memorial Day on Monday!) It's so hot outside that I don't feel like doing PE anymore. And I have it 7th period - the hottest time of the day.
dude, its like i mean like it's ok to be sad dude like when i mean…
Okay, I've already explained that normal Californians don't talk like that.... Usually, it's just like, a habit. (This is not improving my point, but I like to play a game with my friends to see if we can talk without saying the word 'like' out of its usual context, so we like to see who can last the longest. I've never won before.)
"dude, i like rarely like i mean never like use like the word like out of its like content
(sorry)"
"I would do that all summer break if I didn't have mandatory dance practices on certain days.

Okay, so I have a title for the novel I'm going to write for Camp NaNoWriMo. Now, if only I could figure out a plot, I might be in a better position to start on Tuesday."
Clearly, my melatonin levels leave something to be desired.
we dont have summer break for another 2 weeks
"Lol, I still have (counts on fingers)... 18 days left of school.

Not counting half days and stuff."
I still have (counts on finger)…1 day!
Finals are looming somewhere in my immediate future.
"Wow that is awesome that you have 18 fingers.

Well I can say that I am glad that I never again have to go to high school."

I just noticed a crack in my computer screen.
"Due to my lack of ability to post in the sassy game, i will help here.
I think the northern michigan part may be a red herring.
Protect kentuckyfan1001 because kentucky has mammoth cave and a fan is a fixture.

EDIT: Northern Michigan - upper peninsula - sassy may think it looks like a mammoth?"
You're "dead". Be quiet.
"Congrats on becoming admins, starpug and robotman!

Edit: I hope I'm NOT the first regular person to say this. As in, being promoted to admin is a HUGE honor. It should be acknowledged."
"hey its just that i can't post on that forum about it. Isn't it? Well it should be allowed here if PMs are allowed (which they are)

Congrats robotman and pug!!"
"Is that a new record for ""least time spent between mod and admin""?
Congrats, both of you! I assume my board warnings will henceforth come from someone else."
Please forgive me for spamming on il 2011, robotman. I'll (try to) never spam again . Jk. I won't just try to. I won't spam.
Hey, Cheesy Pie. You are in IL. So am I. What school? Let's party. YAY!
Kennedy junior high. YAY!
"...Wait.

When did I become double-exalted?

(thanks to the mods/admins for that, I guess )

EDIT: Oh, there must have been a largeish update - congrats to the 3 new exalteds!"
"wait...salcedam...you're from New Trier?
GREAT JOB GOING TO NATS!"
"Yeah, I think there was an update, I have three medals now. Thanks!

I tried to convince someone that there was something called adagio cheese. It didn't work."
My german exam is a project. we need to make a radio show type thing.
Oh yeah, that reminds me. I have to notedump the Astronomy and possibly Sounds of Music wikis. I'll probably do that after finals are over.
I guess I'd better do the same for Microbes. All my other events except ED are rotating out.
"Congrats, Koko! And the same to starpug, robotman, and everyone who got an exalt (or more than one)!

I didn't even know I got one until I posted on the assassination thread a moment ago. Thanks to whoever decided to give it to me. (:"
Schools out!
Old news.
"already??
my school gets out june 9"
"FACEBOOK!


I am disappoint."
My school is out at 11:35 on Thursday.
"/jealous

I have to stay until Friday"
...I serve time until June 20th, I don't want to hear it
"I am currently wearing a scioly.org shirt!

I'm also quiz bowl captain for next year! Exciting stuff."
"Whoo, one day of finals done, 3 to go.

Somewhat related: I have discovered that either I write really slow, or I write too much...I was the last person writing in both of my finals this morning."
I get out on the tenth, and then have finals for the next two weeks.
Today the guy my whole class hates got suspended. YAY I no longer have to endure him! But school ends on june 9.
Is it just me or does it seem that our school gets out the latest? For us it's ~June 21st.
ooh! the summer solstice!
Why so late? Our school is out on june 9th, which is REALLY late for our district, which usually ends in may. But we are also starting on August 15th, which is unprecedentedly early, and we have the shortest summer break in the 148 years ours school has been up (or at least in most teachers' memories)
My school gets out on June 9 (today is the seniors' last day). I'd love to start early and end early so that we don't have so much wasted time after AP testing. Ah, well.
On June 2, 455, the Vandals entered Rome and plundered the city for two weeks.
I go back on September first. I get out a week from tomorrow.
"Ahh lucky!

...But really, our year is pretty much over after the State exams, which concluded today. The only reason to hang around at school (IMO) is to go to the King's Dominion trip on the 2nd to last day of school, and to take some finals."
Spelling bee, anyone? It just ended. Congrats to Sukanya Roy! I was rooting for Laura... Alas.
hai.
Good luck to anyone taking SATs or SAT IIs today!
My first of four end-of-the-year dance performances somehow got a standing ovation last night, despite all the crazy technical issues (for example, a prop snapped in half and fell on the lights at the back of the stage). I hope things go better for the two performances today and the last one tomorrow.
yay for an 8-page essay?
The words they gave were crazy . I was wondering if they were even in english sometimes...
OMG! That was creepy. I just accidentally clicked on my profile and realized that I'm exalted. (That was really scary..... >.>) However, despite the shock that I just received, thank you to whoever exalted me!
"Hehe, the SAT was pretty good.
kjhsscioly wrote:
Kokonilly wrote:
Spelling bee, anyone? It just ended. Congrats to Sukanya Roy! I was rooting for Laura... Alas.
The words they gave were crazy . I was wondering if they were even in english sometimes...
I knew the word 'susurrus'. That was pretty much the only word I absolutely and completely knew, and the kid didn't get it right. I felt smart until I completely failed for the rest of the night."
I think I pwned both world and chem today.
boom
Your Daily Random Comment
Studying for science olympiad is a million times more fun than studying for finals.
I heard from teammates that I was asked about at Athens this past year, even though I didn't go. I feel special now.
"out of curousity how much have you done in the wiki and gallery
and rocketman nice sig"
"Man, I did not like that Trivial Pursuit avatar.

So what's this one?"
Why board games? Computer games are much better.
Uummm.... I did about 5-10 pictures for the Anatomy muscle table list thingy (although it was mostly Koko and Naps, I think). I wrote a few paragraphs for Disease Detectives and Shock Value. Erm... I added a whole bunch of teams in for the SoCal Wiki.... And I haven't done anything for the gallery, since I didn't really participate in the building events. Overall, though, I'm really surprised that I got it (not that I'm complaining or anything), but I feel like I didn't really contribute all that much. However, thanks to the admins!!!
ugh I remember playing that game before, but i can't think of its name.
No more seniors = no more Multi = complete and utter boredom.
Carcassonne's the game, I've only played it once but I really enjoyed it. Incidentally, anyone have a review for Dominion, the Spiel des Jahres winner from two years ago?
I wonder if I should change my avatar...
"In the past week, I danced\was at something related to a dance performance for about 45 hours. I think I earned my week off.

Too bad it's too hot to go outside and enjoy the break. I want out of Kansas right now."
"Or maybe I should change mine?

Ohwai-"
Come over to SoCal and join me. (It's hotter here, but we have really good lemonade and beaches.)
"So I logged on about, what, 15 minutes ago? And I saw this.

This is the first time I have not seen any bots online. For some reason I found it shareworthy."
Sounds fun! My dance studio is actually going to perform at Disneyland sometime this summer, but I'm not going because I have something else that week. Unfortunately, the only place I might be going this summer is Olathe, but it's for a family thing. Meaning I won't enjoy it at all.
Hey, Olathe is a very nice place to be. It's got... Mahaffie... (A historical stagecoach stop that's totally not worth the money) And... uh... the headquarters of Garmin... if that sort of thing interests you...
I'm complaining (jokingly) about my family, not Olathe. Actually, I'd like to go, since I think it's less hot there. Wichita just has heat... and a river.
We have heat and no river...
All the Arkansas River is good for is arguments about the pronunciation of its name. >_> And it's about 100 degrees here right now...
Wii U was announced today...keep it up with the strange names Nintendo!
Pronouns much?
"95 degrees outside right now.

I walked home from the bus stop in a sweatshirt, jeans, and tennis shoes."
"That may be all that your Olathe has but Olathe, CO has the best sweetcorn in the world.
FullMetalMaple wrote:
All the Arkansas River is good for is arguments about the pronunciation of its name. >_> And it's about 100 degrees here right now...
Hey my hometown is where the headwaters for the Arkansas river is, and no it is not pronunced Ar-Kansas river, it is Arkansas.


And for a third note. The Beatles ""LOVE"" album is the best album released by any musical artist ever."
"I have absolutely no tolerance for hot weather (defined by me as anything above 80*F). Yet it's 82 outside and I'm wearing jeans and a black t-shirt.

Edit: Hm, it's actually 85 right now. Still too hot."
It seems that my heat tolerance is incredible. I wasn't even sweating...
Hey, Olathe is a very nice place to be. It's got... Mahaffie... (A historical stagecoach stop that's totally not worth the money) And... uh... the headquarters of Garmin... if that sort of thing interests you...
I'm complaining (jokingly) about my family, not Olathe. Actually, I'd like to go, since I think it's less hot there. Wichita just has heat... and a river.
We have heat and no river...
All the Arkansas River is good for is arguments about the pronunciation of its name. >_> And it's about 100 degrees here right now...
Wii U was announced today...keep it up with the strange names Nintendo!
Pronouns much?
"95 degrees outside right now.

I walked home from the bus stop in a sweatshirt, jeans, and tennis shoes."
"That may be all that your Olathe has but Olathe, CO has the best sweetcorn in the world.
FullMetalMaple wrote:
All the Arkansas River is good for is arguments about the pronunciation of its name. >_> And it's about 100 degrees here right now...
Hey my hometown is where the headwaters for the Arkansas river is, and no it is not pronunced Ar-Kansas river, it is Arkansas.


And for a third note. The Beatles ""LOVE"" album is the best album released by any musical artist ever."
"I have absolutely no tolerance for hot weather (defined by me as anything above 80*F). Yet it's 82 outside and I'm wearing jeans and a black t-shirt.

Edit: Hm, it's actually 85 right now. Still too hot."
It seems that my heat tolerance is incredible. I wasn't even sweating...
Hey, Olathe is a very nice place to be. It's got... Mahaffie... (A historical stagecoach stop that's totally not worth the money) And... uh... the headquarters of Garmin... if that sort of thing interests you...
I'm complaining (jokingly) about my family, not Olathe. Actually, I'd like to go, since I think it's less hot there. Wichita just has heat... and a river.
We have heat and no river...
All the Arkansas River is good for is arguments about the pronunciation of its name. >_> And it's about 100 degrees here right now...
Wii U was announced today...keep it up with the strange names Nintendo!
Pronouns much?
"95 degrees outside right now.

I walked home from the bus stop in a sweatshirt, jeans, and tennis shoes."
"That may be all that your Olathe has but Olathe, CO has the best sweetcorn in the world.
FullMetalMaple wrote:
All the Arkansas River is good for is arguments about the pronunciation of its name. >_> And it's about 100 degrees here right now...
Hey my hometown is where the headwaters for the Arkansas river is, and no it is not pronunced Ar-Kansas river, it is Arkansas.


And for a third note. The Beatles ""LOVE"" album is the best album released by any musical artist ever."
"I have absolutely no tolerance for hot weather (defined by me as anything above 80*F). Yet it's 82 outside and I'm wearing jeans and a black t-shirt.

Edit: Hm, it's actually 85 right now. Still too hot."
It seems that my heat tolerance is incredible. I wasn't even sweating...
Hey, Olathe is a very nice place to be. It's got... Mahaffie... (A historical stagecoach stop that's totally not worth the money) And... uh... the headquarters of Garmin... if that sort of thing interests you...
I'm complaining (jokingly) about my family, not Olathe. Actually, I'd like to go, since I think it's less hot there. Wichita just has heat... and a river.
We have heat and no river...
All the Arkansas River is good for is arguments about the pronunciation of its name. >_> And it's about 100 degrees here right now...
Wii U was announced today...keep it up with the strange names Nintendo!
Pronouns much?
"95 degrees outside right now.

I walked home from the bus stop in a sweatshirt, jeans, and tennis shoes."
"That may be all that your Olathe has but Olathe, CO has the best sweetcorn in the world.
FullMetalMaple wrote:
All the Arkansas River is good for is arguments about the pronunciation of its name. >_> And it's about 100 degrees here right now...
Hey my hometown is where the headwaters for the Arkansas river is, and no it is not pronunced Ar-Kansas river, it is Arkansas.


And for a third note. The Beatles ""LOVE"" album is the best album released by any musical artist ever."
"I have absolutely no tolerance for hot weather (defined by me as anything above 80*F). Yet it's 82 outside and I'm wearing jeans and a black t-shirt.

Edit: Hm, it's actually 85 right now. Still too hot."
It seems that my heat tolerance is incredible. I wasn't even sweating...
"80 is cool >.>
85 is comfy.

I don't know what contorted scale you're on, Alpha."
72-75 is wonderful with sun, 80-95 is fine with a light breeze and appropriate clothing.
Any temperature is fine if you stay indoors. What's with all of the nonsense about breezes and sun?
"I have a pretty good heat tolerance, but it's nothing compared to Koko. I am, however, pretty good with the cold. Middle of December this year, I walked up to the bus in a sweatshirt and jeans.
It was like 20 degrees out. Fahrenheit."
"Dox wears a jacket and shorts every single day to school if it's below 50 degrees or so (above that is no jacket). Even in -30 degree Minnesota winters.
Me? As soon as the thermometer hits 50 degrees, the winter jacket comes out. >.<"
Really, this past winter is the first time in a while that I had to get out my winter jacket and that was only on a couple of days where it was about -35 out. We infact had a "It is to cold to go to school day" instead of a snow day. On the other end of the scale. About 70 is only just fine if I am in my hometown, because it feels a lot warmer anywhere else.
Oh my god...
I love not having to deal with cold weather. The coldest that it dips down to here is around 60 or so, and everyone's freezing their butts off (shows you how wimpy SoCalians are). However, it DOES get irritably hot over here, which explains why I personally like winter, although my interpretation of winter might be someone else's interpretation of summer.
"I wear te same jacket in 20 degrees and in 80 degrees.

Do I win?"
I wear the same jacket in 60 and 100. (Although I guess that yours is probably more severe weather, so I guess you win).
"80 is cool >.>
85 is comfy.

I don't know what contorted scale you're on, Alpha."
72-75 is wonderful with sun, 80-95 is fine with a light breeze and appropriate clothing.
Any temperature is fine if you stay indoors. What's with all of the nonsense about breezes and sun?
"I have a pretty good heat tolerance, but it's nothing compared to Koko. I am, however, pretty good with the cold. Middle of December this year, I walked up to the bus in a sweatshirt and jeans.
It was like 20 degrees out. Fahrenheit."
"Dox wears a jacket and shorts every single day to school if it's below 50 degrees or so (above that is no jacket). Even in -30 degree Minnesota winters.
Me? As soon as the thermometer hits 50 degrees, the winter jacket comes out. >.<"
Really, this past winter is the first time in a while that I had to get out my winter jacket and that was only on a couple of days where it was about -35 out. We infact had a "It is to cold to go to school day" instead of a snow day. On the other end of the scale. About 70 is only just fine if I am in my hometown, because it feels a lot warmer anywhere else.
Oh my god...
I love not having to deal with cold weather. The coldest that it dips down to here is around 60 or so, and everyone's freezing their butts off (shows you how wimpy SoCalians are). However, it DOES get irritably hot over here, which explains why I personally like winter, although my interpretation of winter might be someone else's interpretation of summer.
"I wear te same jacket in 20 degrees and in 80 degrees.

Do I win?"
I wear the same jacket in 60 and 100. (Although I guess that yours is probably more severe weather, so I guess you win).
"Pretty much.
prelude to death wrote:
I love not having to deal with cold weather. The coldest that it dips down to here is around 60 or so, and everyone's freezing their butts off (shows you how wimpy SoCalians are). However, it DOES get irritably hot over here, which explains why I personally like winter, although my interpretation of winter might be someone else's interpretation of summer.
I envy you. California's weather is lovely."
"Unlike other people, I like to play basketball in the snow >.>

Some might say I'm cold-blooded. I prefer the cold"
You're all free to come visit me.
"Cool. I don't want to get into that argument, though... I sort of pronounce it both ways. I already get teased for how I pronounce ""either"" and ""neither,"" so it doesn't make much of a difference to me.
winneratlife wrote:
80 is cool >.>
85 is comfy.
What. 80 and above is hot for me... I have no heat (or sun, considering I get burnt so easily) tolerance at all. If I'm in temperatures around 30 and plenty of snow, I'm happy."
"I have a summer cottage. The temp doesn't matter when theres a lake 100 yards away
I've finally created a succesful thread http://scioly.org/phpBB3/viewtopic.php? ... 8&start=75
Hey gh just got promoted to group leader admin with DS and Jim_R (will he replace DS like DS replaced Jim_R )"
So as last minute review for my Algebra II exam, my teacher asked each of us to write one question that we want answered on a piece of paper and pass it up. Some were interesting, like one said, "will you marry me?" Mine said, "Does the meaning of life have anything to do with giving me a 100% on this exam? If not, what do you think the hardest part of the test is?" In regards to the first half, she said, "Of course not, because the meaning of life is 42." I laughed fairly hard and everyone else looked at the two of us in confusion.
About 50˚ is right for me
I have good cold tolerance, but not as much heat tolerance. 40-60 is comfortable for me.
I can't stand the heat at all. I like it in the high 30's to the low 60's. Other than that, no.
77 degrees, sunny, breezy. I was wearing a sweatshirt and jeans and it was fantastic. I LOVE THIS WEATHER.
Hold it- you wore a sweatshirt at 77 degrees?
Yeah. I wore a sweatshirt to school. Today was a lovely day, though... I might not have needed it. But it didn't matter; I still felt fine.
Until this year, I wore a sweatshirt almost every day.
Mmhm. I wear a sweatshirt every day to school.
I wear a Sabres t-shirt everyday, whatever the temperature. I have enough for every day of the week >_>
"Last day of school today!

Just wanted to announce that."
"Tomorrow's the last day for us! Then I'm going to kjhsscioly's and we're gonna have a Trek marathon
I'm so excited for next year's Sci Oly... both our coaches will be new next year, which is sort of good: kjhs and I have some freedom as the new captains - and bad: kjhs and I have some freedom as the new captains"
This is post 8888. just saying
Really a sweatshirt in 77 degree wheather, thats just insane. I am currently in Reno, Nevada, and it was only about 70 out and I was sweating badly and I was wearing a T-shirt.
"Wow, Reno's only 70 degrees? That's... surprisingly cold for Nevada in June.

So it seems junior year's nearly over - only about 4.4 hours left! I absolutely cannot believe I'm going to be a senior. It doesn't seem right. The next person to make an age joke has lost my respect. >.<"
Hold it- you wore a sweatshirt at 77 degrees?
Yeah. I wore a sweatshirt to school. Today was a lovely day, though... I might not have needed it. But it didn't matter; I still felt fine.
Until this year, I wore a sweatshirt almost every day.
Mmhm. I wear a sweatshirt every day to school.
I wear a Sabres t-shirt everyday, whatever the temperature. I have enough for every day of the week >_>
"Last day of school today!

Just wanted to announce that."
"Tomorrow's the last day for us! Then I'm going to kjhsscioly's and we're gonna have a Trek marathon
I'm so excited for next year's Sci Oly... both our coaches will be new next year, which is sort of good: kjhs and I have some freedom as the new captains - and bad: kjhs and I have some freedom as the new captains"
This is post 8888. just saying
Really a sweatshirt in 77 degree wheather, thats just insane. I am currently in Reno, Nevada, and it was only about 70 out and I was sweating badly and I was wearing a T-shirt.
"Wow, Reno's only 70 degrees? That's... surprisingly cold for Nevada in June.

So it seems junior year's nearly over - only about 4.4 hours left! I absolutely cannot believe I'm going to be a senior. It doesn't seem right. The next person to make an age joke has lost my respect. >.<"
Woohoo officially in 7th grade!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"LAST DAY OF SCHOOL IS OVER!!!
OFFICIALLY AN 8TH GRADER"
The thermometer outside my house read 101 today. Cool.
It's hard to believe that i only have 7 days of school left. Where did 8th grade go???
I'll be a sophomore in 12 days. Freshmeat no longer!
"I'm a senior.

I see what you did there."
oh i get it, lol!
"Well that was actually Carson City/Virgina City that was 70 yesterday Today while driving to Windover it was 69 and still very hot.

ON a side not, I got The White Album today."
"Wow, we had a wall cloud close enough to my house that my mom actually made me go down to our tornado shelter. That hasn't happened in about 10 years.

It was fun watching the cloud form while we were trying to get home from my brother's baseball game, though."
Ah, Kansas. We don't pay attention to tornado sirens- we have to see the wall cloud ourselves.
Ah, northeast Illinois. We pay attention to the (rare) sirens, but the wall cloud never comes.
:D One of the guys on my team wants to be a hurricane hunter. And I thought I was the only one who preferred watching storms form to hiding from them.
We don't ignore it; we go outside and look for the tornado ourselves.
"we had one warning
everyone rushed and shoved to get to the windows and out the door to see
no one bothered hiding"
Lol, the one time we had a warning I stepped out and that moment it started to pour. I immediately stepped back inside
I have never once heard a tornado siren
When one writes in quill and ink for extended periods of time, one tends to get their hands covered in ink, no matter how hard they scrub with soap and water.
"I am now a junior.
Now, two weeks of finals. Later, summer vacation, baby."
My town doesn't even have a tornado siren. Not like we need it, we have never had a tornado, but we have had funnle clouds form about the town before. We do however have a prisoner escape siren because of the prison that is in my town, but that goes off everyday at noon anyway.
Yesterday there was a parking lot that was 3/4 covered in water. It was a puddle the size of a lake.
Ah, northeast Illinois. We pay attention to the (rare) sirens, but the wall cloud never comes.
:D One of the guys on my team wants to be a hurricane hunter. And I thought I was the only one who preferred watching storms form to hiding from them.
We don't ignore it; we go outside and look for the tornado ourselves.
"we had one warning
everyone rushed and shoved to get to the windows and out the door to see
no one bothered hiding"
Lol, the one time we had a warning I stepped out and that moment it started to pour. I immediately stepped back inside
I have never once heard a tornado siren
When one writes in quill and ink for extended periods of time, one tends to get their hands covered in ink, no matter how hard they scrub with soap and water.
"I am now a junior.
Now, two weeks of finals. Later, summer vacation, baby."
My town doesn't even have a tornado siren. Not like we need it, we have never had a tornado, but we have had funnle clouds form about the town before. We do however have a prisoner escape siren because of the prison that is in my town, but that goes off everyday at noon anyway.
Yesterday there was a parking lot that was 3/4 covered in water. It was a puddle the size of a lake.
is mine written?
Haha, no, I was out all day today/yesterday. Tomorrow/today I'll finish 'em up.
That would explain the lull in our poke war...
What does a prisoner escape siren sound like? ... Ironically, we do have a tornado siren that goes off at reasonable frequency, but I have never seen a funnel cloud. And there's been escaped prisoners caught in my town...
I just found a beautiful recording of the song "Hallelujah" with piano, 1st flute, and 2nd flute. I will find the sheet music EVEN IF IT KILLS ME.
give it to mee!
"Congrats to Z for becoming a WikiMod!!!!

EDIT: Just read the Announcement thingy that EAST is a WikiMod too! (Sorry, East, I didn't notice since you weren't on at the time that I wrote this, so your name wasn't blue, but I would like to extend my congrats to you too!)"
"New avatar!

I quite like this one, actually."
Congrats to both of you!
Seconded.
is mine written?
Haha, no, I was out all day today/yesterday. Tomorrow/today I'll finish 'em up.
That would explain the lull in our poke war...
What does a prisoner escape siren sound like? ... Ironically, we do have a tornado siren that goes off at reasonable frequency, but I have never seen a funnel cloud. And there's been escaped prisoners caught in my town...
I just found a beautiful recording of the song "Hallelujah" with piano, 1st flute, and 2nd flute. I will find the sheet music EVEN IF IT KILLS ME.
give it to mee!
"Congrats to Z for becoming a WikiMod!!!!

EDIT: Just read the Announcement thingy that EAST is a WikiMod too! (Sorry, East, I didn't notice since you weren't on at the time that I wrote this, so your name wasn't blue, but I would like to extend my congrats to you too!)"
"New avatar!

I quite like this one, actually."
Congrats to both of you!
Seconded.
Thanks.
Congrats zyzzyva and east! (Yearns to be mod of any type)
Not sleeping is fun.
Seconded! I can stay up all night if I want. Its awesomefully awesomeful!
Thanks guys. I'm really happy and excited for this.
I hath stolen amerikestrel's thunder.

I think you may be a bit late for that >.>
"It's weird to see z's name in blue... >.> Congrats to the both of you!

Anyways, new avatar time. The first person to name what it is of wins (zyzzyva, you aren't allowed to guess since I'm pretty sure you already know)"
"Hey, that was going to be my next and last game. Not cool. : P

EDIT: Though it is my all-time favorite, so props for choosing it at least."
Thanks.
Congrats zyzzyva and east! (Yearns to be mod of any type)
Not sleeping is fun.
Seconded! I can stay up all night if I want. Its awesomefully awesomeful!
Thanks guys. I'm really happy and excited for this.
I hath stolen amerikestrel's thunder.

I think you may be a bit late for that >.>
"It's weird to see z's name in blue... >.> Congrats to the both of you!

Anyways, new avatar time. The first person to name what it is of wins (zyzzyva, you aren't allowed to guess since I'm pretty sure you already know)"
"Hey, that was going to be my next and last game. Not cool. : P

EDIT: Though it is my all-time favorite, so props for choosing it at least."
It has to be plugged into a computer that is running a program that allows it to connect. Anyways, programmable calculators are allowed in Optics.
"^^ depending on what you are doing and what your using... other wise yes there is that
and ok, i'm not on optics, and never will be"
This is the 599th page of Your Daily Random Comment.
I had to go golfing with my parents. And they KNOW that I hate golf.
"awh. sorry Cheesy Pie.
i can't golf to save my life, but we live by the golf course. I have named the people that spend their time there, ""gofers"" (no l) nothing against golfing, there's nothing wrong with it. just not my thing.

http://wimp.com/pendulumwaves"
"So, just wondering....

Call of Duty or Battlefield?"
That's probably better asked in the Video game thread.
"Genius is right, but for the record, Call of Duty.
Anyone catch the premiere of Falling Skies last night?"
"I just played in the snow for the first time in June
I love golf, I'm in two tournaments"
"our whole community is named after a golf course
i live next to like 10 golf courses
we have like 50 in our community
and each neighborhood is named after a golf course

like royal troon
st andrews
broadmoor
shadow creek

>.<"
Basketball is way better then golf IMO
Dance is WAY better than basketball!
Science Olympiad is WAY better than all of the above
You think we didn't know?!
And The Beatles are better than everything else in the universe.
Again, fixed.
"Let me guess, you're one of those people that thinks The Beatles are more popular that Jesus, right???

And nice refrence to a Beatles song there."
"The power in my house has been off for about three hours now.

Hooray for laptops."
Exactly how do you get an internet connection without power?
My router is on a backup battery. I think it's only going to last for another hour, though.
Our power went out right before Christmas dinner a couple years ago..
"I got around to making a wiki page for myself

http://scioly.org/wiki/User:Kjhsscioly"
"Oh, kiff...
""the Captain""? -wink wink nudge nudge-"
Don't be absurd, I would never presume myself to be equal to John Lennon.
Thats good because there is nobody and I repeat, NOBODY that could even be equal to John Lennon.
How else would it be grammatically correct???
Truth.
"-facepalm- That's not the point...

I like the Garak quote in your sig, by the way."
"In just a couple posts, this thread will have over 9000 posts.

In other news, I should probably go to sleep soon."
Who is this John Lennon you all keep mentioning?
"Please let that be a joke.
In other news, can we just rename this ""Your Daily Random Comment (The 10,000 Post Thread)"" and get rid of the original 10,000 post thread?"
Naps ya savd us frum dat peese ub spam!
I don't know... We're already over halfway through for the authentic 10,000 post thread. I think we should just finish it up
My school has finally replaced the decade old Windows XP with Windows 7!
WAT?
Everyone should pledge to post in it ten times a day. We'll be finished in like, a week.
At least in the band room. I'm assuming that they upgraded the rest of the computers in the district as well. I wonder if they have IE9...
I'm pretty sure the band room has had Windows 7 for awhile. I think Love might have just updated it on his own >.>
We have lots of Macs...
"I don't recall ever seeing Windows 7 in the band room before. But if that's true, I'll just install Windows 7 on every computer I touch.
paleonaps wrote:
We have lots of Macs...
Your school must have a lot of money."
What's this about Windows 8 coming out soon?
Soon as in more than a year?
I was looking on windows8beta.com and rumor says that it could be released late next year!
"You're joking, right?
paleonaps wrote:
tornado guy wrote:
paleonaps wrote:
can we just rename this ""Your Daily Random Comment (The 10,000 Post Thread)"" and get rid of the original 10,000 post thread?
I don't know... We're already over halfway through for the authentic 10,000 post thread. I think we should just finish it up
Everyone should pledge to post in it ten times a day. We'll be finished in like, a week.
That sounds like a terrible idea. STOP THE RED BEAKERS"
"That was kind of obvious from the begining. Microsoft likes to release a new operating system every three years, give or take. 2009 + 3 = 2012.
foreverphysics wrote:
Who is this John Lennon you all keep mentioning?
I sign and approve this question."
I'm just gonna say right now, Windows 8 was MY idea.
"I doubt your computer can even run Windows 7, let alone 8.
I just realized that Windows 7 has been out for two years now. Time passes so quickly."
D:
Wow you better be joking. I figured that everyone across the universe knew who John Lennon was.
Don't worry, I'll punch thegenius when we get back to school for you. Or give him a short history of the Beatles.
"And that is why my school has a History of Rock n' Roll class.

On an unrelated note, someone mistook my younger brother for a girl earlier. My day = made."
Ugh, no fair. Our state is having budget issues, so the science department got the feet knocked out from under it. We lost Genetics I and II (so glad i managed to ignore the prerequisite and at least get Genetics I in), and we no longer have lab periods for classes like chemistry and Anatomy&Physiology. How are we supposed to do cat dissections in 39 minutes?! They had enough problems getting what needed to be done done in a double period!
"I would rather have Windows 7. But all of the art teachers (including, unfortunately, my video teacher) have been sucked into the ""Macs are better Macs are better"" vortex. For video, I understand why, but I use Photoshop on my Windows 7 laptop all the time. You don't need Macs. All of the money got sucked into them, and we lost quiz bowl. So yeah, we have money, but not enough, and it's not well spent.
butter side up wrote:
Ugh, no fair. Our state is having budget issues, so the science department got the feet knocked out from under it. We lost Genetics I and II (so glad i managed to ignore the prerequisite and at least get Genetics I in), and we no longer have lab periods for classes like chemistry and Anatomy&Physiology. How are we supposed to do cat dissections in 39 minutes?! They had enough problems getting what needed to be done done in a double period!
Why would you want to dissect a cat?"
Lovely thunderstorms and tornadoes in my area right now. Unfortunately, I didn't see a funnel cloud.
You don't. You really don't want to dissect a cat in 39 minutes.
Today is the longest day of the year! And is the first day of SUMMER!!!!!!
FALSE. (RIP, Lucy)
The thought of dissecting a cat makes me shiver.
I'd love to dissect a cat. That would be awesome.
"You don't have a cat, do you?
EDIT: Yay! My guidance counselor finally put me in AP physics! Three AP's here I come."
Heh, we totally ignored the sirens. It only rained/thundered for about thirty seconds anyway, but it was pretty nasty and windy.
"those were severe weather sirens, or tornadoes?
i heard them
lovely downpours as well
it was disappointing
first day of summer
and the forecasting predicted hail (but thankfully none to be found)"
I wish we had some of that crazy weather up here! When we get thunderstorms we get those boring air mass ones
"Wow... I go on a little trip for 3 days, and you guys have loaded this whole forum with a bunch of posts.... (I'd hate to wonder what would happen if I went on a month-long trip with hardly any Internet....)

Anyway, to answer a few questions back, Insert Name Here isn't allergic to pizza. I think he's just allergic to cheese, although I'm not sure if he's allergic to anything else in it. That's why it really sucks when he has to sit out when we have celebratory pizza parties during SciOly meets.

Also, I'd love to dissect a cat! I'm looking forward to high school, where I can take the Physiology H class and dissect a cat as the final AND take a field trip to a morgue."
"prelude to death wrote:
Also, I'd love to dissect a cat! I'm looking forward to high school, where I can take the Physiology H class and dissect a cat as the final AND take a field trip to a morgue.
I took the Anatomy/Physiology class at my school, and we dissected a cat that I named Lucy (which was quite fun) - though we never did anything as cool as a trip to the morgue. THAT would be exciting."
Seriously!Dissecting a cat is really an excellent way to learn muscles and structure and stuff. Plus, it is hilarious to see the people who are not in my homeroom (also the Anatomy room) freak out when they see the cats. They were used to it by the second week, though.
They are tornado sirens, there aren't severe weather sirens.
"oh joy!
tornado sirens are cool
(even if we ignore them)"
You can barely hear the tornado sirens where I am. If you're asleep and a tornado actually comes towards your house, well...
"YAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! FINALLY got RAIN! (ok, like 5 inches...) but it has been FOREVER and we are still more than 20 inches behind what we should be as far as precipitation. O.o
fireworks have been banned for my county.
you aren't allowed to buy, sell, or use them."
Might these two be related? You wouldn't want sparks everywhere in a drought.
"meh.. just a bit. ;D
WE weren't planning on shooting any... but its still... fourth of July without fireworks.... not the same. its also kinda a reality check, just how dry it REALLY is.
idk. its just gonna be a different/weird fourth of july."
And if the tornado siren was as loud as a blow horn that is just a few feet away from you, I could still probable sleep through it.
Hehe, I'm flying to Virginia by myself on the 4th of July. That's going to be weird...
I'm actually going to be traveling on the Fourth as well. Where are you going?
"Kokonilly wrote:
I'm flying to Virginia
*ahem*"
That sounds fun! I've never flown by myself before.
Me neither! It should be exciting.
My family is traveling to Europe to visit relatives in the beginning of July. We'll be gone the whole month, which is going to be a lot of fun, but at the same time I'm freaking out about all of my summer assignments and other stuff I need to get done
"Let me rephrase that-
WHERE in Virginia?"
"^^ haha funny
traveling... if only. I'm stuck here.... bound by the chains of summer school (which i actually CHOSE to do... sometimes, i should not be allowed to choose... SOMETIMES).

and have fun!!! flying by yourself isn't too bad, infact, bring a chemistry textbook or something and pretend to be studying and (possibly) freak whoever is sitting next to you... or they will just completely ignore you in hopes you spontaneously dissipate... or they start talking to you and you find out they have a chemistry major and when they begin discussing/getting into it they learn you don't know what youre talking about. (or you DO and your an alien genius with no life)
(ok, so i don't really look like a college student in chemistry, but i use the book... i get some HILARIOUS looks from people)

sorry. Im bored and i don't feel like studying."
"What I have managed to learn in the past few weeks.

Sweetcoop+Money+Wal-Mart's CD section=Many many CDs bought from groups including, The Beatles, Led Zeppelin, Pink Floyd, The Doors, and Creedence Clearwater Revival."
Who are they?
paleonaps+money+Internet= Spartan Shield.
"Two questions:
1. What was everybody doing on Scioly at 3:24 in the morning? That's still pretty late for other time zones, seeing as this is mostly US-based.
2. Wouldn't it be awesome to see if we could beat that? Just so we could see how many people can be logged in at a set time and break that record."

It counts the number of users logged on + guests + hidden users. Most likely it was an error or those users were were just bots. And if you want to beat a record, why don't you try to beat the record of 460 users online that was on the old board?
That would be awesome!
I don't think we even have that many active users anymore.
That's sad. I mean, Science Olympiad as an activity has spread. Even if only a few percent were active, that would be a lot. I wonder if we could get the official website to post links to the respective forums under event resources...
"Why do I want to go to Antarctica?!?! Besides the point that it is the coolest place on Earth (no pun intended- no, really!) I have wanted to go there since eighth grade when I read Shipwreck at the Bottom of the World by Jennifer Armstrong for a Battle of the Books competition. That book introduced me to the epic journey of Sir Ernest Shackleton, and I shortly read everything I could find on him and the Endurance for the Imperial Trans-Antarctic Expedition. I discovered that he was an amazing leader who managed to get his entire crew out alive despite the tremendous odds and the fact that it was WWI-era and they had no means of support from the outside world. He remains a hero of mine.
Since then, I have been captivated by the utter beauty of the Antarctic landscape, and have wanted to go there so desperately. Frank Hurley's photography that he took on the voyage is astounding, and I have always longed to see Antarctica for myself. How can one resist going to such a place?
And anyway, they generally have rules about who can go there. They are trying to preserve as much of it as possible, and have also banned bringing foreign plants and animals in (excluding humans, including dogs, which are no longer the preferred method of travel). Besides, I don't want to go as a tourist. I think that would just ruin it."
You can go by boat from Tierra del Fuego, New Zealand, or Australia. You can get companies to sponsor you and give you a boat. Also you would probably want to make an arrangement with those people running the base (unless you are deciding to live by yourself in the cold).
"That would be hilarious.
Me: Can you sponsor me so I can get a boat to go to Antarctica?
Company: Why?
Me: Because Antarctica is awesome!
Company: ...
Me: And I've always wanted to go there and I could do genetics work to help save the penguins. You love penguins right? Everybody loves penguins. *crosses fingers because I don't particularly care for penguins but hope company person does*
Company: ... Penguins are cute...
________________________________________________________________________________________________________Me: Can I come stay at your base?
Base: HUMAN INTERACTION!!!! YES!!!

No offense meant to hpfananu about the penguins."
"Antarctica is a really harsh environment... If I'm going be in the cold let it be at least above -10F
Penguins are AWESOME!!!! For all you Arctic/Penguin fanatics, you all should go watch the new Mr. Poppers Penguins starring Jim Carry!"
Dude, all your base are belong to us.
"...
Really?"
He wouldn't say it for no reason...
"Yes.

At least you know something in pop culture. It may not be John Lennon or Brett Favre, but it's something. We might have to take this slow."
"Ah.... shes probably curled up in a corner crying right now... or sitting at her computer with an eerie blue glow cast across her face, plotting how to...ah shall we say, ELIMINATE you from the universe... she is OBSESSIVELY OVER ADDICTED to penguins. If you find a way to make it tell us. any way...

you could stay here... or...
at the german base... http://www.google.com/imgres?imgurl=htt ... m=1&itbs=1 ....

sorry the first pic is so huge... >.<"
"That second picture isn't approved for life. And in other good penguin news:
That penguin that washed up on the shore of New Zealand isn't being ditched...he's getting rehabilitated and helped back to his home. Go penguin support!"
"John Lennon or Brett Favre don't have anything to do with computers, now do they?
zyzzyva98 wrote:
Dude, all your base are belong to us.
This does.

And if you try to ""educate"" me about ""pop culture"", you are going to regret it."
"says who? i think penguins are cute and all, but that is HILARIOUS! and so... are you going to kill me now????

Edit: ok, to the above post^^ ""if you try to educate me about pop culture..."" lol too late... or no one did.. either way thats funny"
Kill is an understatement. Penguins aren't cute...they're gonna take over the world.
"Um in our last story we wrote... they FAILED.

penguins taking over the world.. that is an issue...
this is you... http://www.google.com/imgres?imgurl=htt ... m=1&itbs=1
this is just sad...
http://www.google.com/imgres?imgurl=htt ... m=1&itbs=1
these guys run the world??!?!
http://www.google.com/imgres?imgurl=htt ... m=1&itbs=1"
You never know when pop culture questions will come up in Remote Sensing. You have to be prepared.
"Not to interrupt the Antarctica\penguins discussion, but...

You know you live in Kansas when... (You have to click the ""see more"" button.)

Why do almost all of these seem to refer to (south)western Kansas?

EDIT: Psh, Z is right. (I do believe some random things are asked at my school's invitational.)"
"^^ THAT is funny
this one is texas.. again.. click see more.
http://www.facebook.com/group.php?gid=2213700336
ok... warning: questionable content but eh... thats Texas for ya..."
"Penguins will rule. Plus, there are some stupid penguins. Although there are many more stupid humans then stupid penguins (ratio wise). Penguins are thus the more superior species.
Also....silly stereotypes. Can anyone find any Delaware ones? I can't
(decent ones)"
"Haha, the first few Texas ones are the same as the Kansas ones. That's funny, but I would put a warning near the link because I found a little bit of questionable content.

If you think Kansan and Texan stereotypes are funny, look at Canadian ones. (The sad thing is, I actually did play hockey and ice skate, and I love anything maple - hence my username.) I'll have to search for Delaware ones."
"idk if this is your definition of GOOD but here is the FB group http://www.facebook.com/group.php?gid=2210910421
nice find FullMetalMaple
ok i just have NO LIFE and LOVE to PROCRASTINATE..."
"""What kind of music is dominant in regions near the Aral Sea?
FullMetalMaple wrote:
Not to interrupt the Antarctica\penguins discussion, but...

You know you live in Kansas when... (You have to click the ""see more"" button.)

Why do almost all of these seem to refer to (south)western Kansas?

EDIT: Psh, Z is right. (I do believe some random things are asked at my school's invitational.)
Amazing, something from facebook that I don't have to login to my non-existent account to view.
27. You instantly know someone is from Johnson County when they call everything west of Topeka ""Western"" Kansas.
But it is!"
"ok... Aral sea is pretty random.. >.<
and almost nonexistant...."
I think the Aral Sea has been on every single Remote Sensing test I've taken.
I concur, and it most definitely will be back next year with the hydrosphere.
Not if it completely evaporates before then.
Really? ok, well i never did remote sensing... I just thought it was weird you mentioned it bc we just spent and ENTIRE DAY (equivalent to almost six weeks) on it in summer school. (OH NO! its back to HAUNT me!!!) -.- ok, its not THAT bad...
"So I live in western Kansas? But I can't see several miles down the road...

Haha, I found stereotypes for where I lived in Canada."
Or if the farmers in the area continue to use the water and divert the rivers to irrigate their land. It's probably gonna vanish soon enough
"5. You can properly pronounce Salina, Basehor, Cimarron, Schoenchen, Kechi, Olathe and Osawatomie.
Well it is apperant that the maker of that group has never had Olathe Sweetcorn, which does NOT come from Olathe, Kansas, it in fact comes from Olathe, Colorado, which is actually on the eastern flat part of the state that may as well be Kansas.

An the one about the Halloween costumes and snowsuites is a complet rip off of something similar to that for Colorado.

http://www.facebook.com/#!/group.php?gi ... 769&v=info"
You call that flat? That's Olympus Mons as far as I'm concerned.
"ANOTHER PENGUIN FREAK!
GO PENGUINS!!"
There are three penguins in my room: a penguin hat, a stuffed penguin, and an origami penguin.
I wonder if there is a penguin adoption place anywhere
"PENGUINS UNITE!
And I have....a penguin pillow pet, 2 penguin hats (1 from swap meet...so epic), like 15 little stuffed penguins and a penguin snuggie

Penguins rule

I think there was this scam website about adopting a penguin but I know you can pet one and be a trainer for a day at this aquarium not too far from here. But sadly, no adoption."
"i have 2 jumbo penguin stuffed animals
emperor penguins

about 10 smallish stuffed animals

...a penguin desktop wallpaper
my igoogle page has a penguin wallpaper
my room has penguin stickers al over the walls


but seriously, thats awesome how theres actually someone else that loves penguins!!"
There are many of us....hiding. Actually, I've met quite a few people in SciOly who like penguins. (more like are obsessed with)
"oh PM me their names!!

i need to talk to more penguin freaks..."
I like penguins.... But I'm not obsessed with them. They are really cool creatures
Yes the part of Colorado that is close to Kansas is flat.
"I got my penguin hat from a swap meet too! The junk you can find there...

Also: crepes are good."
Mmm.... I love crepes.... I wish I had one right now.... I haven't eaten breakfast yet. >.>
Hey, so how is everyone's summer going?
...went a month without tumblr, went back on to start a personal yesterday, and then seeing a gif kind of ruined it
"I'm back!
Project Exploration is awesome."
"I went to bed at 2 AM and woke up an hour and a half ago!*

NO SLEEP, EVER

* - I'm in EDT."
Did you know that a fifth of Americans think that the Sun revolves around the Earth?
Why dwell on that when you can watch a Carousel Horse Race?
[citation needed]
Sry.My bad. From Astronomy Magazine.
"I now refer you back to the politics thread.

On another note, biotechnology research is fun! I now know how to use a micropipetter and an inverted microscope! And I'm going to be working with zebrafish!"
Did you know that 80% of Americans think that hamburger meat is made of people from Hamburg?
"Did you know that 42% of all statistics are made up on the spot?
On a related note, did you know that the overwhelming majority of people who have read Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy choose 42 as a percent for their made-up statistics?"
This post may contain original research. Please improve it by verifying the claims made and adding references. Statements consisting only of original research may be removed. (July 2011)
Did you know that you did not know this?
"As long as you don't try to prove that black is white and get yourself run over on the next zebra crossing (points and a slice of cake if you get the reference, which you should).

Edit: I haven't posted in so long. I feel like such a lurker."
Star Trek is now available on Netflix instant streaming! The rest of my summer is now booked.
Can I have my points and slice of cake now?
"No it is 86%

Did you know that 42% of people are allergic to dihydrogen monoxide"
Wait.... Isn't dihydrogen monoxide just... water? >______<
Yeah. 42% of people don't know that.
More than 42% of people on SciOly.org probably know that.
Gosh who's allergic to water?

"awwwww
a seahorse!!!!!!"
"...You're not too young to not know what Finding Nemo is.

NO EXCUSES GET OUT Just kidding. But really, go watch it."
"finding nemo is awesome, its like my favorite movie
heheheh
it totally rejects reality"
"Guess who just tried samosas for the first time?
Guess who has no tolerance for spiciness?
Guess who finished the entire thing anyway to avoid insulting anyone?
Guess who just finished an entire bottle of water and is now dying for milk?
D:

And on an entirely unrelated note, I'm wearing an American Pi shirt under a lab coat. If I had only worn my glasses today, I would probably be the nerdiest-looking person within a hundred miles.

And on a different entirely unrelated note, shuttle launch in almost exactly an hour"
"I remember watching my very first shuttle launch back in the mid 90s, and what an impression it left on me. To see it retiring today....i'll be honest I don't know what to think. I obviously don't approve that the shuttle program is ending without a viable replacement ready to go, and I think the shuttle program has taken the fall for man's impatience and rush to satisfy. At the same time, I feel almost humbled that I was born in a generation that set no limits, actively sent man to places none could dream possible, to create things people had envisioned in fantasy, and lead the world in a drive to learn and understand the gaping presence that surrounds our Blue Marble, our Home. We may be retiring the shuttle, but the Idea will live on in all of us, ready to be continued when the opportunity is available. Godspeed Atlantis!

""Shoot for the moon, for even if you miss, you will land among the stars."""
100% agreed. I love watching launches, and it's very sad to me that the shuttle program of NASA is being retired. I certainly hope the opportunity for more space exploration arises soon!
"I would volunteer myself as a moon colonizer.
It is absolutely remarkable to see the shuttle going up, to see the immense power released as it hurtles toward the sky. Hell, when I saw Transformers 3 on Tuesday THAT was incredible, and it was fake! To see a shuttle going up is incredible.
On a related note, has anybody else felt an feeling that you can't describe when you see the Challenger video?"
"That was exhilarating!

NASA's next program, anyone? <--- watch the video"
"Ad Astra per Aspra...

It's so emotional seeing that last shuttle launch; hopefully the next program will be just as exciting."
Call me a solar system nerd, but I can't wait to get new data on Ceres from NASA's DAWN spacecraft in 2015...
a long wait ahead of you, fish
"Well said, Idaho. Well said.

And Z, I also find Kansas' motto very apropos for this..."
"I want to see what happens in 2015 when New Horizons reaches Pluto.

Anyway, NASA doesn't have a new program yet. President Obama cancelled their planned program, the Constellation Program.
To get astronauts to the ISS, the US will pay Russia to bring our astronauts to space.

Also . . . I just found out that the Wiki actually does not even have a page for Science Olympiad."
It probably wasn't smart to take a 4-hour nap at 10 PM... 5 AM and wide awake. Woo!
Ad astra per aspera is my personal motto.
I'm just hanging [out] ... get it! Hanging! Because the dog is on a swing and hanging! hahahahaha..
"I am in a Delaware Apple store and I am bored.

EDIT: Tempted to upload Chrome to these things."
"1. Download, not upload.
2. Why not install Windows or Linux? The results would be much more interesting."
My friend and I once put up a Dell ad on why Windows is better than Mac on a iMac at Best Buy. Then my friend took a picture of himself, and set it as the wallpaper.
Talking about computers . . . I know people who downloaded Firefox 4 on my school's computers. And also, I figured out how to cheat on Quizlet games without using any outside software.
"That's an idea...
NYLHVSSO wrote:
Talking about computers . . . I know people who downloaded Firefox 4 on my school's computers.
I know people who install Chrome, Steam, Halo, Starcraft and then play the games in the middle of class. People even put malware on the computer in an attempt to use blocked programs. Then they use programs like Ultrasurf to view blocked websites. It's a mess."
Heck, I've downloaded Firefox on our school's computers. Safari just doesn't cut it on our school Macs. But 4? Please. I'm on 5 now.
Wasn't it almost three years between Firefox 3 and 4? According to Wikipedia, Firefox 9 is supposed to be out before the end of the year.
Yay for change in my sig, looking at what it use to say was as depressing as looking at my inbox on facebook.
your schools computers let you download programs? we can't download programs, or much of anything. It doesn't even let us open most files from online unless from an approved storage site. And we have a very old version of explorer... not even tabs . I have tried to put firefox on, but I always get blocked, but maybe I can try through a flash drive.
"Same! I think it's because someone from Korea hacked our computer system last summer. >_> We do have a newer version of IE, though.

Oh, and I found out today that I have a cousin who does SciOly in Missouri... huh."
Google chrome vs Firefox? Who wins?
"IE6? Oh dear... Basically all of my schools' security measures (besides website blocking) can be bypassed with command prompt.
tornado guy wrote:
Google chrome vs Firefox? Who wins?
Gossamer."
">.< Sorry, that's what I meant. My excuse is that Macs are hard to work with.
TheGenius wrote:
2. Why not install Windows or Linux? The results would be much more interesting.
Well, it's hard to do that without anyone noticing in a busy, crowded Apple store... I wound up just setting the Google Chrome page as the home screen and leaving.

I downloaded Chrome onto school computers. No one really cares, and it speeds them up, if anything."
I like what you can do with Firefox. I'm much more comfortable with it.
portableapps.com has a Google Chrome available to download so we all downloaded it and used it instead of IE
I would agree with you.
I prefer Chrome. Much more intuitive, I think, and a lot more aesthetically pleasing (yay for fancy themes). It's fast, too.
I actually think Firefox- especially newer versions- are more aesthetically pleasing. Maybe not so much without add-ons, but you ought to see the set up I have here.
While I do use chrome, it drives me up a wall sometimes. Sometimes I think I'm just to lazy to switch to firefox. One thing I will say is I really like how chrome's tabs "slide" around on the tab bar rather than you picking something up when you want to rearrange your tabs.
Very annoying.... My post replies have been at 57, and I have replied to posts 10 times since then!? Crazy
"No. Gossamer is the best web browser. It does things that no other browser has ever done, or ever will do.

It only counts posts in ""useful"" forums..."
"First off I would like to announce that this post has 9,201 replies!

Oh, I see. I tend not to post on event forums for my own privacy"
"Adding my opinion here...

I like both, frankly. I switched back to Firefox after a brief time with Chrome, though... The latter liked to refresh pages for no reason while I was typing out posts on a different forum. It got very frustrating very fast.

I also prefer Firefox's personas. My astronomy one looks so ethereal!"
"Chrome is best for quick browsing because of its lightning speed. But in my opinion, the easier-to-use favorites library and tools controls on Firefox and (dare I say it) Internet Explorer make those two programs better all-around browsers.

At the moment, I'm using Chrome simply for its speed."
I can't break that habit with the Sumo-Bot event. I like to keep my designs a secret.
HERESY
I LOVE CHEESEBALLS WITH A FIERY PASSION!!!!
I LOVE CUCUMBERS WITH A... CUCUMBERY PASSION!!!
In the "Do you like or hate Justin Bieber" thread by Thatrandomeguy (which was recently locked), the title is spelled incorrectly. (Bieber > Beiber).
"Iffy eggplants!!!
What? There's a reason there's RANDOM in the title."
Firefox has better ad-ons, chrome is faster. It depends what you want more.
Well, I have Firefox on my computer (just for Chatzilla), but I like Chrome's extensions a lot. I think Chrome's add-ons are sufficient.
I have Firefox. I like Firebug and its other addons. I also have Chrome and Safari on my computer but I don't use them as much.
"On a significantly more random note:

I was doing this preliminary assignment for a class I am taking over the summer, just a little ""web awareness"" thing, where you have to find information on the web reliably. Anyway, the last question asked us to find the name of the scientist in a particular slideshow (his name wasn't listed there). It turns out I actually recognized the scientist! (It was Atala, for those curious)"
So... anyone planning to watch Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows Part 2 when it comes out on Friday? I'm going with my sisters, but not to the midnight premiere. However, I AM going to go on the release day.
I do not like fantasy movies.
This is no mere fantasy movie. This is HARRY POTTER!
"This is the end of an era, and a defining part of a lot of 90'ers childhoods.

I am not going; I turned down two invites because I couldn't go because I had a college midterm the day of, and needless to say, the prof moved it to the day before by request, but by then tickets were sold out"
I'm going to the midnight premiere!
Same. I'm going to see if I can get a scar on my forehead, I look sort of like Harry >.>
"They're out of tickets where I live
No worries, though, I'm just going to see it on Friday!"
Cool! I'm going to see if I can... be emotionally unstable, I look sort of like Cho Chang >.>
"I am so going to the midnight showing. It's the last one, and it has been almost 10 years, to the day, that I started with that series. I have to end it right.
Who else is going to cry?"
"You remember precisely when you started reading Harry Potter? To the date? It's just kind of... been there, for me at least. Always present. I first picked up a book from the series when I was 5. It's been a big part of my life since I was 7 or 8. Half of my life. I'm not going to cry when it's over.
...
...
...
...so, who's excited for Pottermore?"
What's the deal with Pottermore?
I submitted my e-mail for the Pottermore thingy.... Apparently, it's this website that J. K. Rowling is doing about the world of Harry Potter, including stuff that she's never revealed in her books. (Or at least, that's what I believe it is....)
You sign up, get Sorted, have adventures, and get to read additional content! (the Leaky Cauldron was talking about it)
Of course... In every test I've taken, I've been sorted into Ravenclaw, but I've had a few really close shaves and I almost got into Slytherin a couple of times. xP
"Off subject, but... It is July 13th and IT IS RAINING AND 57 OUTSIDE!!!!!! YAY!!
EDIT: Actually not Yay about the rain... I could do without that. The temperature is awesome though!"
"Well, I can deduce the date. I saw the first movie in theaters in late October (it was very far away- we had to search for a theater still showing it at that point) of 2001. It took me a while to read the book. More correctly, it took a while for my mother to read it to me (I was little, and had trouble with reading until I was about 8). So I probably was introduced to Harry Potter around August or September.
Almost 10 years.
I am not sure I will cry, but I am anticipating the same feeling I felt after Toy Story 3- a feeling that my childhood had truly ended."
"GO USA!! (Watching the Women's World Cup semis...USA and France tied 1-1 right now...)

I'm hoping for USA v. Japan in the final."
Oh cool! I didn't realize that that was already going! I'll have to check that out! Go USA!
wait..what sport? i feel so unobservant..
"Haha, I remember picking up the book when I was 5, trying to read it, and getting scared. I picked it back up with I was 7 and by age 8 had read book 5. I love the series. It's not done. Stories don't end when you close the book, or when the credits roll. They just don't.
And did you know there's a Toy Story 4 in the works?"
"No I did not. That is awesome, but I have doubts about how it will turn out.
It's not that the story is over, but that in a decade, it has come full circle for me- from first book to last movie."
World Cup women's soccer of course!! USA wins 3-1 to go to the finals!!!!!
"oh whoops
thanks for letting me know though"
I don't like it. Toy Story 3 was the perfect ending. Happily ever after. I don't know where you would go from there.
"maybe with bonnie?

EDIT: but that would be weird..."
Bah, now they're just milking it for money. Andy was just fine. They can't keep it up forever; there has to be an end.
oh yeah!!! i'm hoping that japan wins against sweden though, it seems as if usa can't handle sweden after that embarrassing loss... but then again, they were short one player, i forgot who though..
I feel like having four Toy Stories would be too many. Three is the perfect number. Sort of like Shrek- that series was drawn out way too much. Except I had had enough after the original, and now they're on what? Shrek 7 or 8?
Whoo, USA beat France 3-1, and Japan took down Sweden 3-1 as well. One more game for the title, but I'm not sure who I want to cheer for - it would be USA's first Women's WC win since 1999, but it would be Japan's first world title ever. Ah well, it'll be a great game either way.
Indeed. It tends to fall apart after 3. See: Star Wars, Artemis Fowl.
"AH, no way? Haha, we watched the USA game in school, but school let out when Japan was tied with Sweden, and I havent bothered to check yet.
AWSOME, can't wait until sunday"
Maybe it's partly because of my being out of the country for 3 weeks, but I haven't experienced a lot of hype about the WWC. I had no idea anyone was actually paying attention to it until I saw tons of statuses about it after the US beat Brazil. I think I might be paying more attention to the Copa America than the Women's World Cup, since that's all what was being shown on Peruvian television.
Hold on- EAST, you were in Peru?
Yay, Chicago tomorrow! Sightseeing until Sunday, then Chem at CTD for 3 weeks.
YAY! You're doing ctd too? I'm doing 3 week astrophysics at ctd!!!!!
"Have fun!
Cheesy Pie wrote:
YAY! You're doing ctd too? I'm doing 3 week astrophysics at ctd!!!!!
Spectrum, I'm assuming? Where are you staying? I did Spectrum 3 years ago Have fun!

Also: Norris Hall has a crepe store. Just an FYI."
"Aww, dammit, I want another couple weeks of astronomy/astrophysics. Sequences and proofs are booooring (gah, only 7 more days).

Which reminds me, I should go raid the university bookstore for astro textbooks..."
University bookstores are horribly overpriced. Just buy 'em online.
"I want USA to win, of course. I love the emotional rollercoaster they always put you through.

I only got to see USA's first half in USA-France though.

But I saw most of Japan's second half, and they annihilated Sweden. As much as I want the USA to win, they're going to have to rely on being more fit than Japan, damage control during first half and coming out strong second half, I think, otherwise Japan is going to dominate possession."
I am there too! residential or commuter?
Hey, let's meet up sometime! What class are you taking?
Residential, astrophysics, and I'm in the Apogee program...
My mom just told me that I can't go to the midnight showing...
"Huh, I thought Spectrum was middle school. Ah well. Have fun!
paleonaps wrote:
My mom just told me that I can't go to the midnight showing...
If she just told you now... you wouldn't have gotten tickets this late anyway. But that sucks."
No, they're still available. I checked. I'm going at 9:45 AM tomorrow.
Really? Gosh, your area must not like it that much. Here it sold out a few days ago (and back in MN too, I think).
Yeah, I guess not. That makes me a little more bitter.
C'est la vie.
I just found out I might have to leave at 5:30 to get in line. I'm not quite sure why, I don't think the line will start that early.
I'm going at noon tomorrow, but I'm still really scared that there won't be tickets available, so I got them online ahead of time... Around where I live, midnight premiere tickets sold out almost instantly.
I'm exiting 6th grade. And thanks!
"My dad did at about the same time...

To make things worse, I went through a heck of a lot of trouble to find an available ticket, plan with all my friends, etc etc."
I'm going to the midnight showing with my brother's girlfriend.
"There's no sense in even going to the movie for me, since I haven't read any of the Harry Potter books. Plus, I have to get up early for my last day of babysitting 200 rambunctious kids, so...

I hope everyone else has fun, though! (:"
"HERESY. Wait...that's ironic, isn't it?

No midnight premiere for me, since I have camp tomorrow and I'm already having enough trouble staying awake in that class as it is. But I'm going on Saturday!"
"Haha, kind of. At least my parents just wanted me to wait until I was 13 or so to read the books, instead of being crazy and thinking the books are evil. >_>

I've really been meaning to read them ever since, but just haven't been able to yet. Reading them is high on my to-do list, however."
"THERE ARE NO WORDS
END OF AN ERA
I HAVE TO WAKE UP IN THREE HOURS
...CRAP

EDIT: It is about 3 and a half hours after I went to bed now. My hair isn't completely dry yet from my shower 'last night', but I'm leaving for the day in 10 minutes. >.< NO SLEEP, EVER"
So excited! I go to see it in 2 hours, can't wait!
I see it at noon, but I could barely sleep last night.... I would've gone to the midnight premiere, but I checked a few weeks ago and they were already sold out...
"I just came back from seeing it...oh my Gawd!!!
I didn't cry, though!
My mom did. A lot."
People were sobbing in the theater. It was dramatic.
The midnight showing was a once-in-a-lifetime experience. The high level of emotion, not just in the movie but in the audience, made it unforgettable.
I could never understand why people were so excited over a movie, but then again, I have never been to a midnight show.
People are probably a lot more mentally unstable at midnight.
"And it's the last midnight anything of Harry Potter, ever
kjhsscioly wrote:
I could never understand why people were so excited over a movie, but then again, I have never been to a midnight show.
IT IS THE END OF AN ERA."
Was it sad? I heard it is...(but how? Isn't harry potter supposed to be filled with action?)
It was sad. And if you want a purely action-filled movie, just ask Michael Bay. I'm sure he'll be happy to help you.
"zOMG!!!! I just came back from seeing it... Well, I also movie-hopped over and saw Winnie the Pooh, but... >_>

Anyway, people clapped when the movie was over, as well as the part when Molly killed Bellatrix. I stayed for about as long as I could, but the cleaning people kicked me out in the middle of the credits. Wow.... More than half of my life seems like it's over now. It's been 7 years for me. (And that might not be a lot to, say, my parents, considering that I'm only turning 13 this August, that's a LONG time for me...) *sigh*"
That happened when I saw it. Somewhat annoying.
I applauded when Molly insulted Bellatrix, when Bellatrix died, and when Neville had his moment of awesome and when McGonagall proved herself once and for all to be a beast (as if we didn't know that already). I also gave the movie a standing ovation. (Someone looked at me oddly, but they were dressed as a house-elf, so...)
One of the best parts of the midnight showing is how into it people get. So when people start cheering when something epic happens, don't get annoyed at them. Join in, it completes the experience.
"Yes, for three weeks.

I saw the midnight showing too. It was intense, and there was clapping at many points of the movie. They also had a trivia contest at the beginning, but I didn't win."
I just finished watching every episode Star Trek: Voyager for about the third time. On to DS9.
I just got a Dayan Guhong Cube (a type of 3x3x3 Rubik's cube that is not made by Rubik's) and it works perfectly. It is faster than my store bought cube, which has lubricants, even when I have not lubricated the cube yet. I almost made a new record solve time.
I approve . Anyway, DS9 is a good series to watch all the way through because it has a time dependent storyline. Any particular favorites from VOY?
"Did you mean Voyager?

I only have watched the original one, the new one (JJ Abrams), the Next Generation, and some movies, which are: Nemesis, Insurrection, and First Contact.

My favorite is the Next Generation."
"I don't think I have any favorite episodes. If I did, I would have forgotten which ones by now.
NYLHVSSO wrote:
Did you mean Voyager?

I only have watched the original one, the new one (JJ Abrams), the Next Generation, and some movies, which are: Nemesis, Insurrection, and First Contact.

My favorite is the Next Generation.
Oops, looks like I forgot an ""r"".
I've seen every movie and watched every episode of Enterprise, The Original Series, Voyager. I'm almost finished with The Next Generation and I've seen one episode of Deep Space Nine. It's funny seeing actors playing main characters in one series and minor characters in others."
I toured UVA today! It was nice. The weather was wonderful.
okay, I have to swallow my previous words... I just went to see HP7, and it was an amazing movie. They definitely got the essence of the story perfectly, and while it has been a while since I read the books, it was arguably better than the books at evoking emotion.
The WWC is going into only the second penalty kicks ever!
Our school district's bands get to perform the national anthem before tonight's DCI competition! So. Excited.
Anyone else think "The Star Spangled Banner" sounds well, bad? I think "God Bless the USA" or "Proud To Be An American" or "America the Beautiful" or "My Country 'Tis of Thee" makes a better national anthem.
Aw, I've never seen a full DCI competition live - they came to Minneapolis last Saturday but, well, I'm in VA right now. And last year it started, but they shut it down before even Phantom could perform because there were high winds and a tornado warning.
"DCI competition?

sorry to be so ignorant here..."
Drum Corps International. Marching band.
"awesome
thanks koko"
"Went to the one at Bowling Green. SAW CROWN YEAH. Be jealous, Koko

In other news, Alex Morgan

Carli Lloyd </3 Over the crossbar? Really?"
Who are Crown, Alex Morgan and Carli Lloyd? What is D59 and Next Generation?
"winneratlife wrote:
In other news, Alex Morgan

Carli Lloyd </3 Over the crossbar? Really?
I'm still in a bit of a state of shock over that game....How do you miss 3 penalties....much less blow a lead twice...I don't even...
As far as alex morgan goes, I can't really blame you haha"
DS9 and NextGen are two of six series' of Star Trek
Crown = Carolina Crown, a great marching band with very nice drill [the arrangement the marchers take on the field]. The Crown starts at 3:07 and ends whenever; I was too lazy to check.
Wait, isn't Star Trek a movie, not a TV series? Isn't Star Wars the one that is the TV series?
"Let's take this from the top.

Star Trek, now called Star Trek: The Original Series (TOS), was a television series created by Gene Roddenberry in 1966. It ran until 1969 (3 seasons) and, despite it's short run, is considered one of the pioneering science fiction television shows. It starred William Shatner as James T. Kirk, Leonard Nimoy as Spock, and DeForest Kelley as Leonard McCoy.

Star Trek: The Animated Series (TAS) was after TOS. It isn't nearly as good as TOS and is sometimes considered as not canon. It ran for about a year.

Star Trek: The Next Generation (TNG) was the 3rd series in the Star Trek franchise, and the last that Gene Roddenberry worked on (he died in the 2nd season, I believe). It stars Patrick Stewart as Captain Jean-Luc Picard. It has 7 seasons – the first two are considered of lower quality, but the later seasons are extremely good. This is my personal favorite series.

Star Trek: Deep Space Nine (DS9) overlapped a bit with TNG – Picard made an appearance in the first episode. It is the only series that takes place on a space station instead of a starship. It generally has more complex story arcs than TNG or TOS.

Star Trek: Voyager (VOY) takes place on a starship lost in the Delta Quadrant, far from Earth. Their overall goal is to return home. The quality is about the same as DS9, if not slightly worse (but everyone has their own opinions on this).

Star Trek: Enterprise (ENT) is a prequel, taking place before TNG. I haven't seen it personally, but it's usually considered one of the worst series (apart from TAS). It's also the most recent, running from 2001-2005.

There are 11 movies overall. 7 star the cast of TOS (including the 2009 film) and 4 for TNG. I won't go into them in detail, but the best ones are probably Wrath of Kahn, The Voyage Home, and First Contact. The recent movie by JJ Abrams was also very good – it's sort of a ""start up"" of the old series.

I'll let someone else explain Star Wars."
"DS9 and VOY overlap for over four years.
VOY is certainly not worse than DS9.
ENT takes place before TOS and, while having the worst theme music, cannot be the worst as you get to see Earth being blown to pieces."
"Star Wars was originally a set of 3 movies chronicling the life of young Luke Skywalker. These 3 movies - A New Hope, The Empire Strikes Back, and Return of the Jedi - are considered the 'original trilogy'. I HIGHLY recommend you watch these; they are essential parts of pop culture.

Some 20 years after the creation of the original trilogy, George Lucas (the creator of both Star Wars and Indiana Jones) decided he wanted to chronicle the life of Anakin Skywalker. These three movies - The Phantom Menace, Attack of the Clones, and Revenge of the Sith - are considered to be not as good at the original trilogy, but moving on. This trilogy chronologically takes place before the original trilogy, but were made after. These are the prequels. You can watch these if you like, but meh.

Within Between The Phantom Menace and Attack of the Clones a bunch of years pass, so people decided to make TV shows about that time called The Clone Wars (so you are partially correct). These are on Cartoon Network and animated, but most people ignore them because they kind of suck. They may or may not be considered canon.

The best part (and the part most people know) of the Star Wars franchise is the original trilogy, but there have been volumes of fan works made, leading to an astonishing amount of information (with varying degrees of canonity) about every single supporting character in all 6 movies and an entire fan universe, but that's another story."
"Okay, so DCI was absolutely amazing last night, as it should have been. The Cadets got 1st, followed by the Blue Devils and Boston Crusaders.

I enjoyed the Crusaders, but the night belonged to the Cadets. They absolutely blew everyone away. Easily the best show of the night. I looked it up on YouTube (""Between Angels and Demons""), but it's nowhere near as good as it was in person- besides, they've added some stuff since the latest video. If the Cadets keep the show going this strong, they should win it all this year.

I was disappointed with the Blue Devils. They're 15 or 16 time world champions (I forget which) but their show didn't prove it. The technical stuff was good as always, but I think they fell on general effect- and that's where the Cadets cleaned up.

EDIT: Here's one of the best parts of the Cadets' show; it's gotten even better since this video: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ge3eHnfAnRw"
Ah, thank you for your explanations. Though the chances of me watching Star Wars/Star Trek is (infinitesimally) small, I do appreciate your explanations. At least now I will know what someone is talking about when they mention a "Jedi". And...who is Bruno Mars? Only my friend mentioned him to me, and I didn't know who he was, so I asked her, and she didn't answer me.
"They're a combined 387 minutes. 387 minutes exchanged for being able to not only understand a plethora of references on the internet, but to be able to converse with a wide variety of strangers or acquaintances about Star Wars is invaluable. Its more key than you recognize, Star Wars has been ingrained into popular culture for decades. Star Trek as well, but to a lesser degree.

And yet you give your chance of watching it as infinitesimally small? The fact that you used infinitesimally shows you're the exact type of person who would enjoy them most.
Watch them now. Its summer, you'll have time at some point no matter how busy you are. You have no excuse. You're doing yourself an incredible disservice if you don't.

And this isn't a choice, do so or fear the wrath of scioly.org"
"There is this thing. It's called Google. You're welcome.

Also, please watch the movies."
Ha, someone at band camp said that she had to leave because of a dentist appointment, then went to see the premiere of the new Harry Potter movie. I wish I had thought of that!!
I am one step closer to world domination. How nice.
"does anyone think its worth it to go to Tienanmen Square to see Mao Zedong's dead body once again in 90 something degree weather?
(ive been there around 5 or more times so it would be nothing new for me)"
"I would... but if you've already seen it five times...

Also, you're complaining about 90 degree weather? We've been having and will have triple digit temps all week (And several extremes for the country). Amateurs"
lets just say that i live near lake michigan and its cool up here compared to most of the other states
"This. It was 111 degrees here a week or so ago... and it's almost 100 degrees here right now, even though it's still morning.

Anyone know when I can catch a plane to northern Canada or Siberia?"
I should be the one complaining (But I'm not going to )!! This has been the first day that I have seen the sun for over a week! It was raining all day on Sunday and the temps have been averaging around 60-65! If it weren't for the rain then it would be a perfect summer
Actually, I think the weather over here is only around the 80s or so, which is really surprising, since usually my summers are super sunny and the temperatures are normally in the triple digits.
Aren't Wichita and Hutchinson the hottest places in the country? Couldn't you just go anywhere else?
"I disagreed at first when I read that (isn't Phoenix much hotter?), but then I saw there was some place that ranked Wichita as the fourth hottest American city... I'll be waiting impatiently for winter.

And as for just going anywhere else, I like traveling too much. *shrugs*"
This week it's Wichita and Hutch setting the extremes for the country.
Huh, I didn't know that! Sucks for me, since I'm spending next week at a camp near Hutch. Oh boy...
I was by lake michigan (200 meters away) only two hours ago and it was 110, so it really isn't very cool
"ohreally?
interesting...
well...soo much for the lake effect >.<"
Here's a tip: Don't leave CDs in your car's CD player in 100 degree weather. Melted discs don't sound very good.
"haha.....
gah...no wonder...its 102 degrees today!!!"
"I'm collecting the data from my experiment right now! Off to analyze it very soon.

I leave VA tomorrow - I think my flight leaves at 7 PM. I'm flying alone again, but this time with 2 extra anatomy books, an R&M book, and a trees book in tow. (I got carried away at Barnes and Noble and a used bookstore.) I have no idea how I'm going to fit all this into my suitcase... I should really pack.

And then 1 day in MN before heading off to Korea on Sunday! I'll also be going to the Philippines; I'm flying home alone from the Philippines (I'm going there with my family, but they'll leave without me so that I can work with my uncle in his lab). I'll get home Sept. 2! And then school starts Sept. 6."
Have fun in Korea!!!
"school starts september 6 for you guys?
our high school started august 17 and our elementary and middle schools start august 24... >.<\


well, have fun koko (to all the places you are going)"
"I went to the U2 360 tour last night.
Oh my God, the awesome burns. I just woke up."
"Heey! Remember me? I'm back on!!! Missed u! Anyway...
Wazzup?!"
"haha
i feel an urge to post.....guess my sugar rush DIDN'T die down yet..."
Here's another tip: Don't leave your car outside when the temperature is over 100 degrees. The adhesive on the rearview mirror may melt and dislodge said mirror.
What city? My friend did too last Thursday night in Philadelphia. The funny thing is that he didn't actually want to go-he was forced to.
"East Rutherford, New Jersey.
I can't believe he had to be forced to go. Did he enjoy it? I did. Bono...I love you."
"I haven't been here in so long...man I feel like a lurker.

On an unrelated note, I can break RSA by hand!"
Really...
"Yeah, really. But the message can only be one letter in length. XD

We did a sort of modified RSA at camp where we encoded a message as a bunch of separate letters in ASCII, with relatively low N (<300) and e (<50). Still had to do most of the calculations by hand to avoid overflowing my calculator, though.

Side note: we sent a message to the other class that read, ""You just lost the game."" They were not pleased."
"Do you mean ""break"" as in decode? It isn't really possible (or useful) to break a one letter cipher.
AlphaTauri wrote:
We did a sort of modified RSA at camp where we encoded a message as a bunch of separate letters in ASCII, with relatively low N (<300) and e (<50). Still had to do most of the calculations by hand to avoid overflowing my calculator, though.
You should have used a TI-89: it isn't possible for them to get overflow errors.
AlphaTauri wrote:
Side note: we sent a message to the other class that read, ""You just lost the game."" They were not pleased.
Were you actually attacking the encrypted messages, or just decrypting them?
Oh, and, I just lost the game."
"Yeah, but 89's can give you error messages like ""questionable accuracy"" and ""more answers may exist"", so...

NB: I've used an 89 for the past 4 years and I'm rather happy with it. Sometimes I just want to throw it against the wall, though... it's a love-hate relationship."
"Well, they won't give you an overflow error, they will just return infinity.
Kokonilly wrote:
NB: I've used an 89 for the past 4 years and I'm rather happy with it. Sometimes I just want to throw it against the wall, though... it's a love-hate relationship.
Why would you ever want to one throw against the wall? It factors massive polynomials, solves enormous equations, and plays Mario while your teacher is trying to reteach the stuff that was taught last year.

Edit: I joined one year ago today."
"Granted, the fact that it can do cross-products and generate Taylor series-es is rather helpful (not to mention cSolve), but most teachers don't know how to use 89's, so you have to figure it out while the people with 84's are like ""whee I know exactly what I'm going to do and I am playing block dude!"".
Also, where can I get Mario? I want it."
"I used the matrices on it to solve Punnett squares in biology. Great fun.
Go to the ticalc.org file archives and click on the 89 folder (obviously). The archives contain hundreds (thousands?) of programs that do anything from play music, to viewing the globe, to emulating the Gameboy. There are several versions of Mario, but this one is the best. Block Dude is also available."
Math class just got a lot less productive... thanks!
after a few month away from scioly I have decided to return.
Today I built a huge pyramid tetrahedron made out of gumdrops and toothpicks. It had 7 layers and was 1.5 feet tall.
I like making card towers in my spare time. XD
Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows was great!
I saw it twice within four days of its release even I had never seen any of the other movies or read any of the books
I am in AP stats for seven hours a day for the next two weeks, with one week gone by already. You would think that the class would be fast because it is condensed but it is so SLOWWWW
I am so excited! I'm getting a dog tomorrow!
Wow! What kind of dog?
Border Collie.
After more than 2 years I've been using it, malware has finally been detected on my computer. Should I celebrate?
Malicious software= Bad, why would anyone celebrate over that?
I really don't know. It didn't even infect my computer, MSE just detected a malicious .jpg file in my Temporary Internet Files when I viewed a topic on a forum.
"I have decided to return too
me and my brother are back"
I have confirmed that my school's computers have been upgraded to Windows 7. Yipee.
I saw it twice within four days of its release even I had never seen any of the other movies or read any of the books
I am in AP stats for seven hours a day for the next two weeks, with one week gone by already. You would think that the class would be fast because it is condensed but it is so SLOWWWW
I am so excited! I'm getting a dog tomorrow!
Wow! What kind of dog?
Border Collie.
After more than 2 years I've been using it, malware has finally been detected on my computer. Should I celebrate?
Malicious software= Bad, why would anyone celebrate over that?
I really don't know. It didn't even infect my computer, MSE just detected a malicious .jpg file in my Temporary Internet Files when I viewed a topic on a forum.
"I have decided to return too
me and my brother are back"
I have confirmed that my school's computers have been upgraded to Windows 7. Yipee.
I saw it twice within four days of its release even I had never seen any of the other movies or read any of the books
I am in AP stats for seven hours a day for the next two weeks, with one week gone by already. You would think that the class would be fast because it is condensed but it is so SLOWWWW
I am so excited! I'm getting a dog tomorrow!
Wow! What kind of dog?
Border Collie.
After more than 2 years I've been using it, malware has finally been detected on my computer. Should I celebrate?
Malicious software= Bad, why would anyone celebrate over that?
I really don't know. It didn't even infect my computer, MSE just detected a malicious .jpg file in my Temporary Internet Files when I viewed a topic on a forum.
"I have decided to return too
me and my brother are back"
I have confirmed that my school's computers have been upgraded to Windows 7. Yipee.
Saw Inception for the first time. Mind blown.
they played inception at the dorms? you have a cool RTA
Yep, they were showing Inception on the first floor of Elder! Second floor had Dark Knight, and third floor had Mean Girls.
lol, my class stays on the second floor, and it seems just like them to play the dark night. We play ninja after lunch every day
Welcome back.
Haha, I'm on the second floor too! But we were allowed to switch floors to see whichever movie we wanted.
"really? who's your rta?

so, our classroom floor made funny sounds and started moving when there was that torrential downpour. When we moved the carpet tile, water started gushing out"
"Patrick. Cool guy.
kjhsscioly wrote:
so, our classroom floor made funny sounds and started moving when there was that torrential downpour. When we moved the carpet tile, water started gushing out"
"nice, ours is katie, which is great, since she is an easy grader

how many hours of homework have you been getting?"
Not too much, actually. An hour seems about average. How about you?
"i have a feeling that ... meheh...i just don't like how the chinese government censors websites...
NOW I CAN'T GET ONTO MY BLOG
NO YOUTUBE
GMAIL ONLY WORKS 1/2 OF THE TIME
>.<
i think im gonna die here :cries:"
around 2.5, with all inefficiencies mixed in
Wow, that's a lot. Haha, inefficiency >.<
We had dress up your RA. We dressed up our RA as crazily as possible then had a fashion show to see who dressed the craziest. We didn't win.
"Blah, you chem kids get so little homework WHYYYYY

yeah, my class is doing a christmas in july day, and they are wrapping up their textbooks and having ross deliver them when class starts, you know, like santa"
Preparing to pwn some n00bs in Trivial Pursuit.
who are you up against?
"Forensic Psych. They're goin' down.

EDIT: If you come watch, look for me in my scioly.org shirt!"
"i am not residential, so I can't

good luck with trivial pursuit !"
"Oh right, forgot about that.
kjhsscioly wrote:
good luck with trivial pursuit !
Thanks!"
I was going to skype into the game, but the the time was off... you guys have all the fun
Won by one. Not exactly pwnage, but close enough.
cool... who do you take on next?
AP Chem. This should be interesting.
yeah, my class took on AP bio first, and apparently beat them by a huge margin...
My schedule is awful this year. I just got booted out of BC Calc due to scheduling conflicts.
They put me in sociology. I bet that's going to be a great class.
That's terrible...what did it conflict with?
Latin, which I don't even want to take anyway but have to so I can get enough foreign language credits to graduate.
Oh, Latin. I'm taking it next year, but the first level Latin class is only taught during 2 periods, so I'm afraid it will conflict with my electives.
Don't complain. My Latin class is only offered one period of the day at each level
Wow, your schools offer Latin? That's really fancy. No public schools that I know of offer Latin, but I think it'd be really interesting to learn.
"our high school, public mind you, does offer latin...but it is required that you first finish your 2 years of spanish...

EDIT: maybe it's an IL thing?"
Z goes to a public school in Kansas, and apparently his school offers Latin too. So that's interesting. Hm.
I am in downtown Seoul! It is very rainy here. As in... torrential downpour. Most of the day. Yesterday and today. My sneakers are still wet.
"I go to public school, and I take Latin. One period every day for each level.
I have an awesome teacher though. He's an old man who likes to make bawdy jokes and insult people. It's hilarious."
the new scioly forum was created on my birthday
Oh nice! How do you like it?
That's actually pretty awesome.
"june 17
the fist post was by assassinator at 11:19
second was YDRC at 11:20"
I just finished watching Star Trek: The Next Generation. Now I have to wait for the library to get DS9 in.
"http://www.scioly.org/phpBB3/viewtopic.php?f=21&t=2114
Ha quiz is a spammer"
"or you could just use allstepisodes... much easier than waiting for them to come in

how did you finish all 178 episodes so quickly?"
I watched TNG at the same time as Voyager, with a late start. I'll look at this "allstepisodes" and see if it meets my quality standards.
zOMG! My new favorite word is supermegafoxyawesomehot. (Yup, I'm a total StarKid....)
I just got invited to the Battlefield 3 alpha test! I am now forced to use a "smilie":
I'm so ashamed; I just realized what manutd's username means. Fail of a soccer fan <-
"It's very nice! I mean, was; our flight leaves in a few hours. 7:50 PM; it's currently 4:13-ish PM.
prelude to death wrote:
zOMG! My new favorite word is supermegafoxyawesomehot. (Yup, I'm a total StarKid....)


EDIT: It is very hard to use an internet lounge computer in Korea because despite the fact that the computer page is in Korean, all error messages (and it runs IE, so... there are a lot of them ) and anything actually computer-like is in Korean. It's currently 6:30 PM here, so probably 4:30 AM CDT. Alas. Also: this computer is absurdly tiny and the keyboard is strange. And I have an Acer netbook, so when I say 'absurdly tiny', that's saying a lot. (Actually, it's probably normal size; specific keys are much smaller, though, like the ' and \ keys. They're also in the wrong place, so meh."
"Just got back from band camp, and boy are you guys going to have a field day with this one.

For our pregame fanfare and march, I knew that the march part was going to be Home on the Range. It's the state song of Kansas and it's the state's 150th birthday, etc, etc. But today I found out the fanfare, albeit short...

...is ""Somewhere Over the Rainbow"".

Kill me now."
"Hahahaha, sucks for you, Z.

Although I have to admit, Somewhere Over the Rainbow is a horrible song for a fanfare. And the style doesn't fit well with a band, especially a marching band...heck, it didn't even sound good with a full symphony when we played it at a youth symphony concert last year."
It actually sounds pretty good. The more unlike Judy Garland it is, the better.
I s'pose it's been heavily arranged then? The version we played was disgustingly reminiscent of The Wizard of Oz and the Violin II part was as boring as, well, the French horn part for almost any piece of music.
"An unboring French Horn part

The fanfare arrangement has a few triplets, which makes it at least somewhat interesting. And it only lasts five or six measures, so it's not as painful as it could be."
I am completely jealous of you. I only wish I had even the time to play video games.
Don't you mean the mzrch?
Indeed the mzrch. (It's Russian)
anyone know what my avatar is. I have no idea (I copied it from Jim_R)
Win.
Looks like a blindfolded person.
"it's name was cleatus.gif
O and I found a description of z

DS posted this on the obb
ironically my friends grandpa founded spam in a can"
You ever notice that that's a MUCH better description of you, quadratic?
"No no, Z's the one taking a sledgehammer to all that spam. (I personally prefer taking a flamethrower to spam because then you end up with nicely charbroiled spam, but to each his own.)

In slightly more relevant news, I just saw an Eastern Bluebird outside my window.

Edit: In slightly less relevant news, I really ought to do something with all these snarky comments and random doodles in the margin of my math notes..."
Hey guys! How are all of your summers going?
"his or her*

Gender confusion...of yourself.

That's nothing. I have epic proofs in my math notes. It's like ""Prove our professor is a scrub"" using the fact that the smartest kid is the class is skipping, or something."
I prefer stabbing. Sliced spam (though admittedly, cooked would be nice too - maybe we can team up, Alpha!) on rice... delicious.
Wouldn't grilling spam over a fire be the best? You kill it and it tastes like barbecue, all in one...
"For quadratic only:

hurr durr!!!!!

Credits: Thank you Koko."
"Yes, I think it's best that way.
EpicFailOlympian wrote:
Credits: Thank you Koko."
I do believe "spam" has gotten a little out of hand. How about a nice game of chess?
Sure... Pawn C2 to C3
"Pawn E7 to E6.
This isn't proper chess notation, but I'm too lazy to learn it."
Yay chess. Those moves in proper algebraic notation would be 1. c3 e6. Just so you know.
Just Wednesday I was trying to remember the quote in thegenius's sig... I forgot what game they were playing. Quite a good way for them to end the series, no?
"I have returned from camp! Meaning much sleep deprivation. I didn't go to bed until three the last night (or morning, rather), which is later than I've stayed up in a really long time.

And referring back to older posts in this thread during my absence: I also got Latin. I want Anatomy instead, since we apparently still have a teacher for it. And I need Yearbook, since I'm on staff..."
"Okay, so I randomly checked Pottermore, just 'cause (okay, so maybe I've been obsessively refreshing it all day), and BAM

So I was like 'ooh, let's go Google the answer' because I'm lazy and I still wasn't even sure if the quill was up. And Ifound it (answer's 245), and then it took me to the Magical Quill!
Then I thought 'good grief this can't be true' so I found the quill and I filled out registration and they said wait for your email!
That was the moment when I went ""WAIT, WHAT"".
So I freaked out and immediately went to every social networking site (read: one) with which I had an account, and I was super excited. I'm still waiting for the email; I'm StrikeNimbus130 (epic). I made another account with a different email, just for kicks and to be nice to someone. By 'someone' I mean Luo. Because, well, why not?

So yeah. I think I'm in Pottermore.

I know it'll troll me more, but oh well.

TL;DR: Being in Asia, 12 hours ahead of EDT, is pretty nice sometimes.

UPDATE:
Good grief. Luo, consider yourself lucky.

UPDATE2:

MY LIFE IS MADE.

UPDATE3: GOT THE VALIDATION EMAIL YESSSSSSSSSSSSS

(sorry for the super-long post)"
Sorry for the spamming. This is what Pottermore looks like right now when you're signed in.
What is Pottermore, exactly?
"Ugh... everyone who got into pottermore is shoving it in my face on every major website I use.

I couldn't help that I got home at 11 and was exhausted from the day... 4am release of the clue... man not cool."
"You can get extra stories and whatnot, be Sorted, and learn new spells and all that jazz. It's the last hurrah for Harry Potter, and everyone wants in.
RandomPerson wrote:
Ugh... everyone who got into pottermore is shoving it in my face on every major website I use.

I couldn't help that I got home at 11 and was exhausted from the day... 4am release of the clue... man not cool.
Aw, sorry Randy. I was super excited. And 4 AM release for you = 4 PM for me, so... that was very cool.

EDIT: The banner changed and I will keep you all posted."
Phew, back from Greeley/Cheyenne/Denver. I finally went to Cheyenne Frontier Days for the first time in my life. Cheyenne Frontier Days is the largest outdoor rodeo in the United States for those of you who don't know what it is or don't care about the whole cowboy thing. The hightlight for me was that I actually went to the very first concert in my life, a Toby Keith concert. Overall a great weekend.
As anyone on chat could attest to, my wireless has been really messed up for a long time. Well, it finally went out for good, which means no chat, no scioly in general, and no pottermore for me, at least not for awhile. Hopefully I get this sorted out quickly, re: before my sister goes to college and takes the computer I'm typing this on with her.
"camp nanowrimo?
i was going to do that, but ive decided good ole nanowrimo in november is quite overwhelming enough"
Hardwired is faster anyway why not use that
I. Am. In. Pottermore. YES!!! Koko, you do the screen thing, cause I don't know how to do it. Cause good grief, I'm excited. I am PatronusErised177, and like Koko, I have another one I may just give to one of my friends.
"Aw, Z. Good luck sorting that out! Hope to see you back on the chat soon
foreverphysics wrote:
I. Am. In. Pottermore. YES!!! Koko, you do the screen thing, cause I don't know how to do it. Cause good grief, I'm excited. I am PatronusErised177, and like Koko, I have another one I may just give to one of my friends.
The page when you sign in hasn't changed at all (yet), and I'm StrikeNimbus130 (as I mentioned earlier). Also: to do a screenshot, go Ctrl+PrtSc and then paste into Paint. I use a Chrome extension, but that's because I'm a computer hipster (totally kidding... hipsters >.< )."
"RANDOM COMMENT NUMBER: COWTREE64
The sad happy cow went boom in the land of purple trees."
I just woke up from like, totally conking out from the excitement of getting into Pottermore. I'm AvisRune36.
Why is everyone obsessed with Pottermore? Band camp is much, much better. Marching around in 90+ degree weather for four hours straight, with the sun shining brightly upon it all... You can't beat that.
"I'm MoonPatronus112.

EDIT: If anyone who isn't in is interested, according to insider.pottermore.com, tomorrow's clue is going to be up between 9:00am-1:00pm BST which is 4:00am-8:00am EST."
That is so false. I have been to band camp (and know people who love it). Opted out of guard this year. Guess where I am right now? The beach. Logged in to Pottermore. I win
First time I've ever seen no registered users on scioly! No bots, no nobody. This was about 10 minutes ago.
Ha, Rebecca Black has a new song out and I will sat that it is a whole lot better that Friday, lyrics are better and her voice isn't autotuned. Still not that impressed by her, her music is nothing like The Beatles/Journey/Pink Floyd/Led Zeppelin/The Door.
"Whoo, being up at 4 AM. (This is what I get for missing the first two days' clues.)

Ain't sleep deprivation fun?

Edit: I've been here for an hour now. Grumble.
Edit: Two hours. Hmph.
Edit: Whooooooooo, finally. ScarletSand184. Still waiting on confirmation email."
"Woo, just got back from a sleep study. They aren't fun.
As for Pottermore, I think that I'm going to wait for October, and not stress over all of these clues. Is there any benefit of joining early other than being registered early?"
"The clues honestly aren't that difficult - I solved today's in about 30 seconds - but the timing of the clues is very, very biased towards the British Isles (and actually, basically everywhere but the States). I'm way too excited about this; I feel like a kid who just got a Hogwarts letter. Ohwai-

For anyone who cares, the clue was: ""How many points was Gryffindor leading by in their Quidditch match against Slytherin when Harry caught the Snitch? Multiply by 35.""

Honestly, you could brute force that one if you wanted to...Points in Quidditch are multiples of 10, so start with 350 (10 point lead) and keep adding 350 to the number for 20 points, 30 points, etc."
"Also:

Why would you ever do such a thing?"
"APPLESUNWATER47a
The orangeapple tree flung the sun into the pile of ocean poo."
"This is a list of all the Pottermore users on scioly. So far, (in chronological order):

Kokonilly (StrikeNimbus130)
foreverphysics (PatronusErised177)
prelude to death (AvisRune36)
fmtiger124 (MoonPatronus112)
AlphaTauri (ScarletSand184)

Anyone else who joins Pottermore, add on to the list. Maybe on Pottermore we can have a scioly convention...now that would be fun."
I'm GhostCloak193. Koko made me an account on the first day, so chronologically, I think I'd be second.
"New list:

Kokonilly (StrikeNimbus130)
Luo (GhostCloak193)
foreverphysics (PatronusErised177)
prelude to death (AvisRune36)
fmtiger124 (MoonPatronus112)
AlphaTauri (ScarletSand184)

Next time, copy and paste this in your post and add yourself on. I want to see how many people on scioly have Pottermore accounts...and if we can really stage a scioly convention."
The temperature outside is 116° according to the car. Nice and cool.
The temperature outside here is 86 with direct sunlight.
aww... I want a pottermore account. It seems fun, and my opinion on HP has definitely changed for the better after the last movie.
I haven't been able to get on until registration is closed. What time do I need to be up?
4 am. That's usually when the clue is posted. One or two hours later...oops! Sorry! Registration is closed!
"Haha, no, I meant church camp. I returned with half of the skin on my left shin gone. I'm going to have a huge scar.
TheGenius wrote:
The temperature outside is 116° according to the car. Nice and cool.
I never saw the temperature get above 115 here today. Amazing... it got up to 112 where I was last week."
"Today was, I believe the hottest day here in Olathe in my life. Who scheduled band camp this week?

Still no sign of updating the wireless on the near horizon. I give it at least a week."
"On another note: Swimming at the beach is the most fun when it's very windy and the water is very choppy.

EDIT: Gosh, I got tan..."
"How much sun is there in the Philippines? I thought your skin was very dark when I met you.
In other, not-being-a-stalker news, I am awaiting the clue now of Pottermore. I've been here for twenty minutes already."
Has the clue been released yet, or is registration already closed?
No. It just has my name in it...
"Actually, the list is:

Kokonilly (StrikeNimbus130)
Luo (GhostCloak193)
foreverphysics (PatronusErised177)
prelude to death (AvisRune36)
fmtiger124 (MoonPatronus112)
zyzzyva98 (ScarletSand184)
AlphaTauri (MoonstoneOak141)
paleonaps (SickleMarauder75)

Since I reregistered and gave Z my spare account. Randy I think also has an account, but I'm not sure what his username is.

Edit: In other news, I hath spent the day doing chores. It's like being a house-elf, except without the job satisfaction. (Points if you can tell me exactly where that's from.)"
"Deathly Hallows. Ron jokes that helping his mother prepare for Bill and Fleur's upcoming wedding is like beign a house elf without the job satisfaction. Harry is with him.
Am I right, AlphaTauri?"
"No Alpha the actual list is like this

Kokonilly (StrikeNimbus130)
Luo (GhostCloak193)
foreverphysics (PatronusErised177)
prelude to death (AvisRune36)
fmtiger124 (MoonPatronus112)
zyzzyva98 (ScarletSand184)
AlphaTauri (MoonstoneOak141)
paleonaps (SickleMarauder75)
sweetcoop (ThestralHolly208)"
What is Pottermore and how do I join??
Pottermore is an interactive online Harry Potter world, basically, with a whole lot of extra stuff you can do. It's open to the public on October 31st. You join early (like the rest of us) by going to pottermore.com and solving the clue, then finding the Magical Quill. More information on the site. The clue goes up at about 4 am, I think. At least, that's when it came up when I got it...
Ok, how long to clues stay up, 3 or 4 hours?
Clue was up around 11:30 AM for me.
"Mmm.... For me, the clue went up around 2:30 AM PST and it ended at like 3:15 AM PST, and I did the 2nd clue, but I'm not sure how long the other clues lasted. However, if you wish to join Pottermore early, the last day is August 6th. (Today was the 5th day.)

EDIT: Sorry, I think I got the ending time wrong, since apparently it lasted for 77 minutes or something like that. But I'm absolutely sure that it went up around 2:30 AM PST."
Wait, so when I'm sleeping?
"http://www.cheatswhiz.com/pottermore/20 ... ease-time/

According to the website above, the 6th clue will be released between 1:30 and 4:00 PM BST (British Standard Time). Seeing as you're in PA, you're 5 hours behind Britain. And if I did my math correctly, this means that the clue will come up between 8:30 and 11:00 AM your time.

EDIT: Found a MUCH more reliable website: http://insider.pottermore.com/

Also, the 7th clue will be released between 12:30 and 3:00 AM BST. (Remember to convert to fit your time zone.)"
wow, that's 15 minutes away for me!
"Yep, nice. I'm impressed.

Unrelated: I am tired (unusual for me at this hour) and grumpy (quite normal for me at every hour of the day)."
"I was half joking about the account Alpha >_> But thanks... I appreciate it.

In other news, it appears I developed a cold in 110-degree weather. Wtf?"
"My sarcasm/facetious humour detector doesn't work over the internet.

Edit: WHY AM I SO BRITISH? >.<"
I'm actually so fatigued right now I can't honestly remember if I was joking or not.
I was never here...
"(It was only 90-something here today! Hallelujah!)

I had a cold a few weeks ago, too... Unfortunately, I've heard summer colds are worse than winter ones. Since I just randomly heard that, take it as you will..."
"Torrential rain, heat and humidity, and painful sunburn are fun, aren't they?

That being said, I'm sad to leave Boracay. Manila, here I come!"
"heading to nanjing today
and...only a few days after fainting?"
"My cold isn't too bad; because of band camp I'm doing everything you're supposed to do with a cold anyway: going to bed early and drinking lots of water.

Speaking of band camp, it's now over. I'll miss it except for doing all those reps."
"How unfortunate... We seem to be in the same boat...
Me: cold+sinus infection+ (120 - 125) degrees (Heat index) + (no RAIN = drought) + cramming for region orch audits.... = not so fun, EXCRUCIATINGLY HOT summer
ARG-- We HAVENT HAD ANY RAIN!!! if i wasn't studying meteorology, I would seriously almost have forgotten what rain was [note WAS]! And we have rainbows too, no joke, so there is moisture, it just wont FALL
annnnndddd our power grid isn't stable bc people use their AC's too much or something so half the day we don't have power...
oops sorry this is a long annoying post, but im bored. I hear they have rain a bit up north and in louisiana... idk though, if so, wanna send some down south?"
"Ahh, frantically prepping for district/region orchestra...I remem-

Ohcrap, I have youth symphony auditions in 3 weeks."
Lol GL with that!!
"good luck alpha!
i tried for MYA and made it into philharmonic orchestra i wanted to get into concert...next year, ill try again..
btw, i think it is something colleges look at when you apply? (so i better get into symphony in highschool)"
Pottermore wrote:
I was so happy when I saw that. I don't know why.
Well, at least we have the final count now...I keep thinking along the lines of a scioly convention. Is it plausible?
"You're mean! Way to enjoy the fact that you have something other people don't.
foreverphysics wrote:
Well, at least we have the final count now...I keep thinking along the lines of a scioly convention. Is it plausible?
Once we find out what Pottermore actually is... sure!"
I didn't get to join.
Aww! Poor East. I'll take plenty of screenshots and anyway, you have less than 2 months to go. What has come over me; am I trying to be comforting? I'm not usually this nice...
It's not that. It's that I actually accomplished getting in, and with a cool username no less.
If you really want one, I created two accounts (wanted a better nickname) and I dawdled too long in deleting one before the early registration ended yesterday. You can have one of them, provided I'm able to change the associated email address.
could I have one, random?
Well I only have one extra so... I guess I would have you and east draw a number out of a hat (virtually) or something... provided he wants it.
"i'll wait for east to put in his word on that before you flip a virtual coin.


Ironically, the last clue came out when I went to watch the last movie again"
EASTstroudsburg13 and kjhsscioly: I have an extra account as well, so whoever doesn't get RandomPerson's can have my extra. If you want it...and if you like mahogany unicorns. (Yes, that is the username: MahoganyUnicorn128)
I am fine with mahogany unicorns, and East can have random's account. It's a win-win situation
Alright then that is solved, pm me if you officially want it, it matters not which one of you pms me and which one pms foreverphysics.
random, I've sent foreverphysics a PM. Thank you to both for offering up the extra accounts
Okay, then. We need an update on the list soon. Random--why aren't you on the list?
My Personality: Green Geek.
I guess I'll take the extra, Random, if you don't need. it. Thanks.
...I just remembered I start school next week. Oh boy.
I'm not even getting home until September 2nd. You people and your school that starts in August...
School starts this Wednesday...Two days of freedom left...
School starts in 9 days. Orientation Wednesday. O.O
"Eh, but we did get out in May... I'd rather go back in September when it's a bit cooler, though.
foreverphysics wrote:
School starts this Wednesday...Two days of freedom left...
Oh, wow. That's awfully early. I go back next Thursday. For the first time I can remember, I'm starting after the other schools. I think I go back even after Olathe schools do."
It ended on June 9. It starts on August 17. We had only 70 days of vacation.
"http://siegelord-1.livejournal.com/
SL is miserable"
I go back on the 1st. Earliest in the history of the district.
Yep FMM, we start next Tuesday
I go back at the end of August and registration is on the 11th. Summer has gone by far too quickly.
I start September, day after Labor day.
I move in on the 16 of August and start class on the 18.
I think I have the earliest out of anyone. I start August tenth...in two days. Sigh.
"[17:12:09] <zyzzyva98> Internet = Fixed
[17:12:10] <zyzzyva98> :D

^This"
My school's IT people have somehow manage to make Windows 7 worse than XP. I turn on a computer and it instantly gives me a bluescreen, which startup repair fixes. Then I realize that we haven't been given our passwords yet, so a teacher logs in for me. Thirty minutes later, the taskbar loads and it is finally usable, provided that you're patient enough to wait five minutes for a program to load.
deleted
"You know something? we should make this the 10,000 post thread.... But that won't happen.
So here's my comment: My left index finger has been numb for the whole day. I have a burning sensation when I press it too hard. It sucks, and I don't even know how it happened =.="
Why don't you just write a bot that will keep spamming the 10,000 post thread with posts? All of the time people have spent writing replies could have been put to better use with the same result.
Because that would defy the purpose of the 10,00 Post Thread. The point of that is to have a goal which we can work toward and achieve, not have a Bot go and do everything while we sit back and watch. It is a measure of how dedicated and perseverant we SciOlyians are.
Fix'd.
Assuming two posts a minute, the 10,000 post thread can be filled up by one user in less than twenty-four hours, provided you don't get banned within that time period. I must resist the temptation to unleash my computer on these forums.
+2 (this deserves more than just +1)
we also ended on the 9th, but we start on the 24 or 27...hm, thats weird
+3
Sorry for the double post, but: is there a specific reason I can't sign in to Pottermore (and why Hipster Hitler is suddenly marked as malware by Google Chrome? Otherwise I would link to the latter; it's an entertaining webcomic).
I think its because the site isn't ready yet. They're taking a new waitlist and maybe there was an error in coding the site and it eliminated the sign in.
School is starting tomorrow...at least we get laptops...
Leaving for Vermont soon! I wasn't completely lying about going away- but I will have internet.
"Whoo, freak rainstorm. The back of my shirt is completely soaked and I need a hair dryer.

Getting drenched is not what I had in mind for this Tuesday, thankyouverymuch."
9563
"Funny.

No."
9565
...and in other news, unrest spreads across central and northern England on a fourth night of violence as police swarm the capital.
"@ming and quadratic

So this is what society has degenerated into..."
What Z said. No... just no.
I actually laughed a little...
"More like, ""oh HELL no"".

In other news, I hate my computer. Ohwait, that's not news. That's more of a ""we-already-know-Alpha-and-you-don't-have-to-tell-us-again""."
May I ask what prompted this latest outburst? Anyway, have fun in the land of Palin!
"Many things, mostly induced by my attempting to update IE/FF. I'd rather not talk about it.

And thankee for the best-travelling-wishes, Luo. (Why am I so British?)
Answer: Because I don't like being American. England is so much cooler.

Edit: I'm likin' Firefox 5. IE9 is as slow as ever."
"AlphaTauri wrote:
Answer: Because I don't like being American. England is so much cooler.
+1
AlphaTauri wrote:
IE9 is as slow as ever.
-1"
"Slow as in instantaneous?
Luo wrote:

-1
+1 (To Luo)"
Firefox FTW!
"HUZZAH! I believe I hath fixed my computer problems!
>.>
<.<
*knocks on wood*

Hrm, page load for IE9 actually isn't that bad. Startup takes forever (Firefox 5 takes less time to boot up, but is a little slower on the page load). But I've been spoiled by lightning-fast Chrome."
IE9 also scrolls more smoothly than Chrome.
Slow startup time as in instantly opening as soon as the left mouse button is released?
Lol smooth scrolling... There's an app for that. Seriously. On Firefox. And (@thegenius) didn't you complain a few days ago about how slow Windows 7 and IE9 was on our new school computers that have practically nothing on them?
They have IE8. Very slow. Don't you just love browser wars?
Firefox.
"Okay, not to interrupt the browser wars (Firefox and Chrome for me!), but...

Apparently, that was front-page news all over the country - except Wichita. There was a tiny news brief about it in our newspaper. This is why Canadian journalism > American journalism: you get much more international news up north...

And I realized today that I speak like a Brit, but pronounce words like a Scandinavian. Lolwut."
"Firefox and Chrome.

I don't like IE and Safari that much."
I just grabbed the first thing I saw on msn and posted it in an attempt to stop the atrocities that mingtian and quadratic were commiting. I pay absolutely no attention to the news other than for the weather.
You guys can't have both FF and Chrome...
"Being a school newspaper writer, I'm actually required to pay attention to the news and take quizzes over it. You definitely do have to take note of the weather in Kansas, though...
zyzzyva98 wrote:
You guys can't have both FF and Chrome...
Pardon? If you're requesting that we choose one over the other, I'd say Firefox..."
Firefox doesn't even have a standards compliant back button...
"Wow, I just realized how stupid my town is.

They wouldn't let a micro-brewery go in about 100 yards from the high school but yet put a medicinal marijuanna dispensary about 100 yards from the elementary school."
"I use Firefox for ChatZ only and Chrome for everything else, for the record.

And meese! DON'T FORGET THE MEESE

...In other news, it is quite hot here in the Philippines. And humid. Also: I'm never taking water pressure / running water for granted again. -_-"
Moose is the plural and singular, Koko.
Meese. I know 'moose' is the proper plural, but gosh dang it let me have my fun/incorrectness (incorrectness, of course, being a word as well).
Fine. I have to turn off my grammar naziness.
Keep in mind you're talking to the runner-up for "Biggest Grammar Nazi".
What, because it's bigger than the forward button?
I don't understand how I wasn't even nominated for that...
"Quite honestly, the results for that category did not surprise me one bit.

EDIT: Unrelated:"
"I was also disappointed that I only tied for one catagory: biggest procrastinator.
And...
NO."
"#firstworldproblems
And: YES."
#firstworldproblems?
"No... IE9 has that as well...How can you have opinions on a browser you haven't used?
View this page with Firefox, Opera, or Safari, and you will fail. Chrome and IE9 pass, however.
Kokonilly wrote:
#firstworldproblems
I don't believe that is a valid preprocessor directive."
Saying IE is better than Firefox because it has a better back button is like saying one book is better than another because of the page number font.
"Who uses the back button anyways? Just hit the backspace key, or Alt+left arrow.

<--- computer hipster (lols, not really)

FTR, my personal favorite is Chrome, since it's fast and no-frills. Firefox is a little slower, but the features are nice. IE (9 or otherwise) is glacially slow on my computer, and Safari... just sucks."
"Yes.
TheGenius wrote:
Kokonilly wrote:
#firstworldproblems
I don't believe that is a valid preprocessor directive.
...
AlphaTauri wrote:
Who uses the back button anyways? Just hit the backspace key, or Alt+left arrow.
True that. Wait, alt+left? *tries it* COOL.

Side note: Any recommendations for Chrome themes? Chrome got rid of all of my preferences and now I have to re-find all of my apps and extensions... and find a theme."
What does #firstworldproblems mean?
This is similar to it.
"I GET IT NOW!
I'm a little sleep deprived. Movies till 1AM hurt."
...1 AM? Weak. It's staying up until the sun rises that really makes you cool.
I've done it.
Ooooh, Oooh. I've made a couple chrome themes myself!
"I use the back button on my mouse to save myselft the trouble of moving my fingers to press hard to reach buttons. (By the way, any book that uses Consolas for page numbering has to be an amazing book.)
paleonaps wrote:
What does #firstworldproblems mean?
It means that you are going to get an error when compiling your program."
9611 almost 10,000 keep generating those random comments
Going to steal fm's typical face and:
Oh my gosh. Those Winnie the Pooh earphones were awesome, Koko.
...and that's why I use Firefox
"I know, right?
zyzzyva98 wrote:
Kokonilly wrote:
Chrome got rid of all of my preferences and now I have to re-find all of my apps and extensions... and find a theme.
...and that's why I use Firefox
Why I use Chrome: extensions and speed. It didn't take much to re-find the apps or extensions (and I even found some new ones), and finding the theme wasn't terribly hard... Well, I did have to ask robotman, because he was the one who suggested it to me, and wait until he replied, but that didn't take too much effort."
I really don't notice the speed difference between Chrome and Firefox *shrug*. I got on Chrome yesterday because I had about five minutes and just wanted to check a few things, but it took just about as long as Firefox. Maybe it was slightly faster. But I think Firefox is catching up. Can't wait for FF6.
I always open Chrome and Firefox at the same time on my computer (for Chatzilla), and I've already checked Facebook and the forums before Firefox has loaded. I have FF 5; maybe it's just me, but I really like / have been spoiled by Chrome's speed.
My Firefox (the new version, 5 right?) takes 5 seconds to open and loads pages lightning fast on DSL (what I'm using right now). My Chrome is about the same. Slightly faster, but I am so used to Firefox that I use Chrome only for Mario Bros.
The Internet Explorer Developer Tools are awesome. Right now, any website that I go to thinks I'm running IE40 on Windows 18.
I'm staying up all night so I can finish writing something... fun times.
"So yeah, she would like to be unblocked I believe... it seems the forum's autoblocker doesn't like asia.
i.imgur.com/NvGV3.png"
"I've already been unblocked twice in two different locations (thanks to the admin who took care of that), so I don't have to keep getting unblocked; that's a hassle. For now I will deal with proxy servers (thanks to Randy for the suggestion), but these are annoying and slow so I probably won't be on too often until the 27th, when I get back to an IP that worked before.
See you guys later!"
I think there were some spammers with an IP address from there. Is that why?
I would do that, but I would end up not writing a word. Like every other day this summer. The only writing I've done in the past two months is blogging >_> I am somewhat ashamed.
"Best. Song. Ever.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?NR=1&v=I9MZNEXrElw"
"Hmph. I tried to get myself into a volunteering spot at our local children's museum, but the 75 spots are filled and I'm on a waiting list of 100+ people.
Everywhere else is pretty much taken too... I guess I'll just have to try and sign myself up for the hospital volunteering program the HOUR it opens, because it's in super high demand. Or something."
"Ahaha... Don't worry - I'd probably be in the same situation if I didn't make myself do two months of Camp NaNoWriMo. I highly doubt I'll even be able to write this school year, since junior year is notoriously difficult here. \sigh

By the way, I didn't make it all night. I fell asleep at my desk at three, then slept until eight. I forgot how much I hate to work when sleepy."
"Shoot one of us a PM with your IP address if you'd like, it's easy to unblock them.

Probably using a similar IP range as a spammer used once. A lot of times, they switch their IP address, but they end up falling within the same range (ISP) so the entire range gets blocked. Most spam seems to originate from Asia.

Unblocking that IP range should do the trick though, unless you go to a location with a different blocked IP range (which seems like you have though).
paleonaps wrote:
My Firefox (the new version, 5 right?) takes 5 seconds to open and loads pages lightning fast on DSL (what I'm using right now). My Chrome is about the same. Slightly faster, but I am so used to Firefox that I use Chrome only for Mario Bros.
Firefox supports pipelining, that is the big thing to me. If you've got a good connection, pages load so much faster with pipelining enabled (note: it's not enabled by default in Firefox). Chrome doesn't have that option."
I decided to stop being weird and solved the problem
Who clicked the song link?
"And I jump on the posting bandwagon.

Insert random comment here"
"I will!
Hey diddle diddle, (My name is not Diddle Diddle!)
The cat and the fiddle (And your point is?)
The cow jumped over the moon. (No it did not)
The little dog laughed (Nothing funny you dog!)
And the dish ran away with the spoon! (What? Did they sprout legs?)
That nursery rhyme makes no sense!!!!!!"
"Would you look at that! It magically got unbanned again. Thanks, pug!

So today we had a blackout. The aircon went off, as did my computer (which was plugged in). I also bought 3 books at a huge discount from the States! It was maybe $15 from a $26 value, if I remember correctly. I could be making that up; I bought the books a while ago and it's 1 AM and I'm a bit tired."
Congratulations to the 2011 DCI World Champions, THE CADETS.
"YES NOT THE BLUE DEVILS *confetti*

That show totally deserved it."
I am on such a DCI high right now. Can anyone find a video of the Santa Clara Vanguard show? I can't find any on YouTube, but the portion I saw in the recap on the webcast intrigued me. Also, why on earth did the Madison Scouts play "Empire State of Mind"?
http://www.ig.gmodules.com/gadgets/ifr? ... ption=true
Z needs to see this.
That is fake.
For anyone that is interested: I am going to allow my services to be enlisted for theming and writing Assassinator games. Basically, if the assassinator wants me to write kill stories or theme the rules for them, I will do it according to how they wish it be done. Just remember, if you want me to help you PLEASE do not contact me with your actual account.
Lesson of the day: After ziplining, your shoulders hurt. A lot.
Did you do rappelling? So scary.
"YEP! It was only a short distance - down a tree. But yeah, when the guy said ""You can go now"" I was like ""wait, you want me to go down there?""
But I lived and it was fun! And I only have minor rope burn."
I'm terrified of dropping backwards.
Just got back from a minor league baseball game. It was pretty fun- we won with a walk-off homer in the bottom of the ninth (by a Hawaiian) after losing 6-0 in the third. I didn't manage to catch a ball, though. I was right behind first base and had a foul ball radius of about five empty rows, but no one hit it there all night. Plus, there were too many cute kids competing with me.
'Dreamyly'... even the misspelling is lovely.
"And thus, my final weekend of summer ends.

*despair*"
"No, it's not fake. It's today's APoD (apod.nasa.gov/apod/ap110814.html), although it's been mirrored onto a different site.

In other news, this wi-fi sucks. I've been fighting the stupid thing for a decent connection for about 10 minutes.

Edit: Er, yesterday's APoD for you all. Time differences..."
I still need to finish my English assignment. Which is due in about twenty six hours.
"I realized recently that I don't have a copy of Dracula on hand to read for school, so I went to the bookstore, where I didn't find it or David Copperfield. So I started Emma.

A word, now, if you please.

I find every single character in Emma to be arrogant, condescending, elitist, and selfish, particularly the titular character, who is a Mary Sue.
If I just tropelocked anyone, I'm not sorry.
And usually I like to read. Good grief. I do not recommend this book to anyone who gets angry at characters in books and writes notes in their books like ""EMMA WHY ARE YOU SUCH A TERRIBLE PERSON""."
If I read I book I hate that much... I usually burn it.
"...Wait, neither have I. I don't even know where the one book I've finished reading is. And my summer job is over, so I lost my reading time.
Kokonilly wrote:
I find every single character in Emma to be arrogant, condescending, elitist, and selfish, particularly the titular character, who is a Mary Sue.
That brings back memories of reading Daisy Miller last year. And I didn't know there was someone else here who liked TV Tropes... I can't count how many hours I've wasted there. >_>"
Wait... there are people who haven't wasted at least some part of their lives on TV Tropes?
"Burning a book? Blasphemy! Sacrilege! I don't know the difference so I'll say both!
FullMetalMaple wrote:
That brings back memories of reading Daisy Miller last year. And I didn't know there was someone else here who liked TV Tropes... I can't count how many hours I've wasted there. >_>
chia wrote:
Wait... there are people who haven't wasted at least some part of their lives on TV Tropes?
I'd hardly call learning about works of fiction a waste of time. I find it very informative and, uh, educational. And no that is not rationalization what are you talking about Judging from the coherence of this post, I should probably go to bed."
Some books deserve it. The Secret Life of Bees, for example.
You get to read Fahrenheit 451 this year thegenius... if you like burning books that one's for you.
I almost burned American Psycho after I read it- so, so disturbing.
Pottermore welcome emails have begun going out. Everyone commence staring at your email inboxes. (Though it seems to be day 1 registered people only so far)
Is that the email that tells you that you have been validated, but doesn't actually let you enter the site yet? If so, I already got mine.
The troll-mail you mean? No it wasn't that.
So this will actually let you use Pottermore?
"quad ha theres a fake DS and a fake bah
16:38 RandomPerson not really...
16:38 RandomPerson also, laugh at the mods at your own risk
16:38 *** Dark_Sabre is now known as DarkSabre
16:38 +++ ChanServ has given owner to DarkSabre
16:38 +++ ChanServ has given op to DarkSabre
16:38 --- DarkSabre has banned *!*@*.dsl.chcgil.sbcglobal.net
16:38 *** quad was kicked by DarkSabre (DarkSabre)
16:38 !!! You have been kicked from #scioly
as far as I can tell DS was pretending to be an impostor of him self"
"Hey, I liked that book! And no irony
RandomPerson wrote:
paleonaps wrote:
Is that the email that tells you that you have been validated, but doesn't actually let you enter the site yet? If so, I already got mine.
The troll-mail you mean? No it wasn't that.
Troll-mail indeed. It tells you nothing the site didn't.

EDIT: There is a new user named Koko. Hello, Koko! Grrrrrrrr that's my name"
That...is going to be extremely confusing.
...couldn't you have chosen a better username? (not to be critical or anything, but this is going to be really confusing now )
It isn't that confusing if you follow the proper rules of grammar. The new user's name is "koko", all lower case letters. If you wish to abbreviate "Kokonilly", use "Koko", with the first letter capitalized. This will have the added benefit of teaching certain users how to press the shift key. Or you could just stop using abbreviations all together.
"I just got my first college advertisement email.
Wow. It's pretty weird to think that I have one more summer, then college."
You happen to be lucky. In my second semester of soph year, I got over 1000 college ad emails.
Oh god, they never end.
"They NEVER end. EVER. I have 2 folders for college email; ""Colleges I Like"" and ""Not Really"". >.<

EDIT: Today I tried chicken heart and liver at lunch. I do not recommend the liver."
c'mon, chicken liver isn't that bad. I used to love it when I was little, though not quite as much anymore.
Writing about chicken liver at 4:44 AM is a phenomenon you'd only find on scioly.org.
well, school starts on the 17th, and I had two books to read and annotate as well as two essays to write as of yesterday afternoon, so I haven't slept much (at all, actually)
Awww, that is unfortunate. Summer work is seldom fun. Good luck!
Thanks. I just finished one essay, so I am debating whether to get some sleep or not before starting the other.
Meh, I preferred the heart.
How did you get 1000+ emails? I just got one- coincidentally, its from the University of Chicago. Since I'm in contact with some people from the paleo lab there (including the lead paleontologist) I am suspecting that my contact there may be why I got an email.
"This is how colleges typically get email addresses, as far as I can tell:
1. The PSAT
2. The ACT/SAT
4. College fairs
5. College information sessions
6. Miscellaneous (camps, connections, etc.)
7. They stalk you (entirely plausible)
Not including the ones I've deleted (which could be at least 400; I deleted most of the ones I got sophomore and freshman year), I have 745 college emails."
You were right, I shouldn't have procrastinated on the APUSH homework. Technically all I have to do for tomorrow is finish up my Satire essays and write a couple extra notes in How to Read Lit Like a Professor, but I also have to finish the Killer Angels essay (fiction) and start the Devil in the White City essay for APUSH, though that's due Thursday. I want to leave as little as possible for then, though, since I'll have to study for the test as well.
Gah, so much for getting enough sleep...I was rudely awakened at 8 this morning by some idiot outside with a jackhammer. At least I'm back on EDT.
I sincerely hope I get more- I didn't even get any freshmen or sophomore year...
I prefer heart too, although both are really delicious when you eat them with pho.
"I prefer chicken stomach
And liver is ok..."
"Be careful what you wish for. Gone will be the days of tidy inboxes.
Kokonilly wrote:
paleonaps wrote:
How did you get 1000+ emails? I just got one- coincidentally, its from the University of Chicago. Since I'm in contact with some people from the paleo lab there (including the lead paleontologist) I am suspecting that my contact there may be why I got an email.
This is how colleges typically get email addresses, as far as I can tell:
1. The PSAT
2. The ACT/SAT
4. College fairs
5. College information sessions
6. Miscellaneous (camps, connections, etc.)
7. They stalk you (entirely plausible)
Not including the ones I've deleted (which could be at least 400; I deleted most of the ones I got sophomore and freshman year), I have 745 college emails.
No 3?"
I don't know if anyone here's gotten it yet, but I'm like, totally freaking out because I think I just got the Pottermore welcome email - meaning that I'm able to access the site and actually go do stuff on it now. I'm currently signed in and the site looks super cool right now.... And um... I feel really technologically unadvanced right now, but Koko, how did you do those screenshots and stuff from before?
"I have way too many college emails too, I have a folder with over 1300 emails from colleges I'm not all that interested in.

On a similar note, I've started filling out the Common App. >.>"
Whoa, prelude, you're Vietnamese? Cool! I'm half.
"Hrm, welcome emails seem to be going out semi-randomly...I know someone who registered on CoS and got an email, while one person here who registered on PS is in and at least two others aren't.

Edit: I'll probably have to wait awhile for mine, seeing as my account was registered with the GoF clue..."
That website will be the death of me this fall.
"The first day of school has come and passed. How long until summer break?

Press ""Print Screen"" (or ""PrtScn"" as the case may be) on your keyboard. Open Paint and paste. This captures your entire screen; if you just want a screenshot of the active window, press Alt + Print Screen."
"gh is mean he ruined the first sassy game
please don't ban me"
Must...resist... the urge... to correct...sentence structure.
"Oh gosh same here. College apps...
AlphaTauri wrote:
Hrm, welcome emails seem to be going out semi-randomly...I know someone who registered on CoS and got an email, while one person here who registered on PS is in and at least two others aren't.

Edit: I'll probably have to wait awhile for mine, seeing as my account was registered with the GoF clue...
I don't have a welcome email yet, and I got signed up with the first clue."

"Yes, I'm actually full Viet. And also, thanks to The Genius for teaching me how to do screen shots. I think the Pottermore emails ARE going out randomly, because my older sister - who registered a few minutes before me - hasn't gotten hers yet.... (She's been fiddling with my account for a few hours now.)

Bleh... I took screenshots, but I can't post them. DX"
"Liked. I was going to say I felt sorry for you for having to go back to school before I did, but then I realized you got a (slightly) longer vacation than I did and no longer felt such pity.

By the way, I've been writing by hand rather than on my computer recently. I've found it actually makes me more productive."
"If you set a man a fire, he'll be warm for a day.
If you set a man afire, he'll be warm for the rest of his life."
Is there any chance someone could teach me? I am a little computer-challenged sometimes.
It is on the previous page.
Interesting... but if you set someone on fire, wouldn't the open wounds make them feel colder?
Or you could, y'know, be a computer hipster and use a Chrome extension (Koko's method), or OneNote's screenshot shortcut Windows+S and quickly save the screenshot as a .png (my preferred method), which means, 1) you can take a shot of any part of your screen you like, unlike PrintScreen, and 2) you don't have to paste the thing into Paint and THEN save it.
"I must test this out. Any volunteers?
AlphaTauri wrote:
Or you could, y'know, be a computer hipster and use a Chrome extension (Koko's method), or OneNote's screenshot shortcut Windows+S and quickly save the screenshot as a .png (my preferred method).
What? People actually use OneNote? Excuse me; I must go document this."
I am NOT a hipster (though I do use a Chrome extension).
You kind of did when you told me how to Print Screen back somewhere when that long-winded conversation about Pottermore was still just beginning.
"^Ahem.
TheGenius wrote:
AlphaTauri wrote:
Or you could, y'know, be a computer hipster and use a Chrome extension (Koko's method), or OneNote's screenshot shortcut Windows+S and quickly save the screenshot as a .png (my preferred method).
What? People actually use OneNote? Excuse me; I must go document this.
Heck yes. Very useful for SciO, especially for taking notes for all those study events."
Irony, I tell you!
There are very few emotions that exist that I didn't feel today. And the good news is that I can actually smile naturally again.
Ah good days, nice to see you happy again sweetcoop.
"Guess what I had for dinner tonight!

Guessguessguess"
You could also use the snipping tool if you have Windows 7...
I use stumbleupon to take screen shots. I accidentally deleted paint on my computer while doing disk cleanup. Can someone give it to me?
Rice and spam?
"Ostrich. (It tastes like chicken.)

In other news, I'm starting to listen to BBC Radio 1."
"Free form select is a lot of fun to use.
mingtian wrote:
I use stumbleupon to take screen shots. I accidentally deleted paint on my computer while doing disk cleanup. Can someone give it to me?
How, exactly, did you manage this?"
everything tastes like chicken because when they were building the matrix they didn't know what chicken tasted like so they made it taste like everything
"Please. I have that for breakfast on a more regular basis than is realistically declarable.
haverstall wrote:
Ostrich. (It tastes like chicken.)
So do frog legs, but no, I think I'm tasting ostrich later."
"You know what I ate for breakfast? A hot pocket.
You know what I ate for dinner? A cheeseburger.
You and you exotic foods, Koko. So what did you eat for dinner?
EDIT: robotman, you changed your name!"
So far this whole college thing has been awesome, lets just see haw my thought of that changes after I start classes. I will say I think I had the greatest day of my life today.
That's great sweetcoop
"In defense of my bad grammar robotman used to be just as bad

robotman wrote:
granted, but now every time you post it is old because there is no flood limit.
I wish there was world peace.
please don't ban me"
Is your grammar bad deliberately or by accident?
"bad typing skills
chromes spell check does help though
robotman was also a general chatter for his first little while in scioly
general chatter someone who mainly posts in general chat"
"I understand. I have a terrible, flat keyboard on my laptop. If you ever see me on chat, my typing is ATROCIOUS.
Beach=heach."
"Balut and isaw and fried bangus and chicken gizzard and rice. If you can guess what balut and isaw are, you get... balut and isaw! (It was street food night.)
Balut (big picture is big), and isaw:"
"yeah, you should see my ipod typing skills... atrocious

decided to get to bed early (12:15) especially since today was day one of junior year."
"Don't worry, Koko's worse. (I'm not that great myself, but at least I can form coherent sentences.)

In other news, my soph year schedule sucks. My morning is 6 classes long and my afternoon is 2, which means that I'm going to be dead tired by the last morning class (which unfortunately turns out to be APUSH). And I have to run across the entire school anywhere from 2 to 5 times per day. Awesome.

Edit: Why must Catholic schools have such long names (or at least, why must the ones in SciO have such long names)? ""Kapaun Mt. Carmel Catholic"", ""St. Thomas Aquinas Catholic Middle School"", ""St. John Berchman's Cathedral Catholic School""...Not conducive to fitting the school's whole name on a scoresheet, y'know."
That just looks disgusting. It's even worse because I know what is in that stuff too.
I just got my Pottermore wand: hazel with unicorn core, 10 and a half inches, unyielding.
"For the record, my school is usually just referred to as ""Kapaun."" The full name is long because my school is the result of a boy's school and a girl's school merging a few decades back. One was Kapaun; the other, Mount Carmel Academy. Hence, Kapaun Mt. Carmel.

On another note, one day into junior year and my Honors A&P teacher is already bribing people with extra credit to join my SO team. We still don't have a coach."
"Ah... I have no defense. Those iPod Touch keys are darn small.
haverstall wrote:
Kokonilly wrote:
Balut
That just looks disgusting. It's even worse because I know what is in that stuff too.
It's not that bad! It tastes like egg."
What do you mean "morning" and "afternoon" classes....? Also, don't complain about running across the school. My "school" is three high schools on one campus, okay. I have classes in all three, so whether its raining or snowing, I have to walk to the other school. =.=
"I have 6 classes in one building, and 3 in the other.
My 6 classes are in the pod, a relatively small building where my team has most classes. Its not far from the main school, where my other three classes are in. I have French, lunch and PE in the main building."
If I owned this forum it would be about cat gifs. Just saying.
It's a good thing you don't own this forum, then.
If you want one that bad, go make a post thread about cats...
Our long time rivals have a pretty short name...Our Lady of the Valley Catholic School. But then you get something like Auburn High School, and then it seems long...
NO DON'T GIVE HER IDEAS
Another idea: host your own forum.
My friend did that once to try to host an online game...I tried to spread it here. It wasn't well received.
lost keyboard i have to use the windows onscreen keyboard
"wow..... that kinda sucks. but just curious, how did you manage to lose a keyboard?!

On a similar topic, my hardrive is 98% full"
"Speech Recognition works as well.
illusionist wrote:
On a similar topic, my hardrive is 98% full
How big is it? You can buy a terabyte for $50."
I have learned that a dinner on a college campus can turn rather ackward fast.
i went to my summer cottage for the weekend and i thought i had left a keyboard and mouse there but i actually only had a mouse and i left my mic at home
"So despite the awful flip-flops and swimsuit tan, the cuts I got from rocks and coral, and something that might be sunburn on my arms (I hope not), I just have to say that snorkeling is freaking amazing.

I belong in the tropics; what on earth am I doing in frigid (at least, for half of the year; the other half is road construction) Minnesota with no nice bodies of water?

In other news, my flip-flops tan is really bad and on top of that, my sock tan hasn't gone away. So my feet look rather silly right now.

EDIT: I think the bottoms of my feet are sunburnt. I'm not really sure how this happened."
"Morning = before lunch; afternoon = after lunch. Having 3rd lunch sucks.

I admit that my ""running across the school"" issues are nowhere as bad as yours, but at least you get 10 minutes to do so. (I hear it's really horrible in the winter after swimming/PE, since y'know, water freezes.) I get 4 and our hallways are crowded, since we only really have one main hallway."
"4 minutes of passing time?! Wow, that's pretty bad. In middle school, I got 5....
So I sat at home yesterday, and managed to clean up 55GB of space"
i know people who get two minutes
"we get 4 minutes of passing time, but our campus is quite small.

I have to start school at 7:15"
"1. Science Olympiad prospects are better in Minnesota than in the Philippines; and
2. Lutefisk. That is all.
Kokonilly wrote:
with no nice bodies of water?
What'cha talkin' about, Willis? We're the land of 15,000+ lakes! Of course, you can't really snorkel in them, but psh, we have more ""nice bodies of water"" than any other state in the US.
quadratic wrote:
i know people who get two minutes
Seriously? We get 7, and sometimes that even isn't enough."
"Okay, 1 is true, but 2... your argument is rendered invalid.
And I don't like lakes; they tend to be cold and murky D: The ocean is nice.

We get 5 minutes of passing time, and as long as you don't do something dumb like stand and talk in the hallways you can easily make it to class on time."
Time to go camping!
we get between 6 and 8 minutes of passing period time, though in most of the building, it is 7 minutes. It depends on where in the building you are coming from an going to. It used to be very difficult to make it, but ever since they renovated our building, the halls are practically empty.
I get four minutes, but I walk fast enough that I can talk to people in the hallway and make it in plenty of time.
I usually have a friend going to the same class I am from the previous one, so I talk with them, unless it's not convenient, in which case I walk by myself. In either case, I get to class really early, abandon my backpack at my desk, and then poke around in other classrooms / the hallway or talk to people.
We have 3 minutes. The shortest ever.
We have six minutes. Traffic density varies widely, with some corridors being completely empty, to others that try to filter hundreds of people through a double door sized hall. The key is knowing when to take detours, fight through the hordes, or a combination of the two.
We get five minutes, which is plenty of time. We also found that the closer to the science wing we get, the better and less crowded the stairways are (which is nice for those of us who live there!) However, the middle school has three crowded stories, and only gets three minutes to change classes.
Fun fact: We go to the largest school, land-wise in Kansas. (Or maybe just Kansas 6A. But I feel like it's all of Kansas). You can still get from one corner of the school to the other in three minutes, half of the passing period.
well, we go to a very large school, with 3200 students and two wings, and this is technically still possible, but only is you are holding nothing and sprinting, given the hallways are completely empty. Maybe.
Where are you going to?
"I'm at Lake Superior right now, and it is AMAZING! There are legit waves.

Speaking of which, I know people who have been scuba-certified in MN lakes."
"At the middle school, you had two minutes.
At the junior high, you get six.
We have a sprawling campus. So big, in fact, we get our own baseball field and swimming pool.
We have the 300, 400, 600, 1000, 1200, 7000, fine arts, and a few other buildings I forgot to mention.
It's a big place.
We have a lot of students, too. Over a thousand. We all get laptops, though, so that makes up for it. However, we're not allowed on scioly.org at school. I think."
"we have 6 softball fields, two swimming pools, two tracks, 2 football fields, and 4 buildings
and 6500 kids"
"Laptops.
I win."
meh... :/
"Thousands of dollars worth of software for free + super awesome laptop when senior.
I win."
8th and 9th grade. I win even more.
400 people at my school
I already have a laptop. And a calculator. Therefore, I win the most.
So do I. Even without the school laptop...whose laptop do you think I'm using right now? Mine.
"Harrumph. The Pacific Ocean is better.

EDIT: GUYS I GOT EVERY INSTALLMENT OF WALLACE AND GROMIT, EVER AND MY UNCLE SAYS HE'LL ALSO GIVE ME EVERY EPISODE OF TOP GEAR. I ALSO HAVE PIANO MAN AND THE HARRY POTTER AUDIOBOOKS (Jim Dale, of course) ON MY COMPUTER AND THIS IS AWESOME.

I think that was caps lock-worthy, don't you?"
Freshwater is more awesome.
My printer just spat out 30 pages...half of which are blank, and the other half of which are filled with gobbledygook. lolwut.
"My computer does that at the most inconvenient times. Like when it is 1 AM and I am working on the spanish project that is due in seven hours, and I need to print out pictures and captions. And then the printer jams. and runs out of ink.
Yay technology! Making our lives easier every day!"
I have to hand feed my printer one page at a time or else it thinks there is a paper jam.
Considering I go to a school with one softball field, one track, a useless football field, a tiny soccer field, and around 900 students in one building... I can't even imagine what your school must be like.
same but 400 kids no football field but a great soccer field (we won state) still using on screen keyboard
~1100 kids, 1 large open field for all outdoor sports, 2 buildings (well mainly one cuz only one junior high team - the one I'm on - uses it).
We have ~1100 kids too, I think. Our school is stuck in town so there's not a whole lot of room to build, so our school is small compared to other schools in the area, especially the Lehigh Valley. That's also partially because our school district is not as densely populated.
God I have the most bi-polar life in the world. It in the matter of under a minute went from where I felt like the happiest man on the planet to constantly hoping that I am just having a terrible nightmare. I just for the life of me understand why it had to happen today.
My birthday is in 10 days!!!
"http://www.hume.ictas.vt.edu/tcc/
this guy founded the original scioly he was replaced by jim_R who was replaced by ds"
"http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Darn9sRp ... re=related

What will be my favorite song for the next couple of weeks."
"My uncle has given me all of the seasons of Top Gear, ever. Hour-long episodes too, not that half-hour BBC America nonsense.

Top Gear alone comprises 92.3 GB. He's also given me 34.3 GB of movies, audiobooks, and the like.

My computer (a netbook) has a capacity of 139 GB. I have a 5 GB SD card (empty due to the recent death of my camera by seawater), a 5 GB disk drive, and a 2.25 GB Dropbox account at my disposal as well.



EDIT: I also intend on keeping Chrome, Chrome Canary, Firefox (+ ChatZilla), Maple, iTunes, Angry Birds, Word 2010, GIMP, VLC, and Skype (and, y'know, Windows; Project Ubuntu will commence when I get home)... among other things, I'm sure. Wish me luck."
"I've only seen one episode of Top Gear. The helicopter one.
IT WAS AMAZING!
I'm running out of room too. I intend on getting a terabyte soon to hold all of my movie stuff, which is I think more than three-quarters of my hard drive. 1080i DSLR camera+never wanting to compress video at all (even for YouTube) is not good for my poor HD."
Oh yeah, and I forgot to mention our three soccer fields
If you upgraded to Windows 7 from like Vista or XP, your comp will store a 50 GB file called Windows.old. It's essentially a copy of your hard drive. So last weekend i sat through and deleted the unnecessary stuff. cleaned up 40-some GB of space. Try a program called WinDirStat. It shows you everything on your hard drive, and how much space it takes up.
"No, my laptop came with Windows 7 installed. It's almost two years old.
I need more space..."
microsoft skydrive gives you 25 gb free per account https://skydrive.live.com/
As in installing it in a dual-boot setup? Ubuntu doesn't like those.
Ah... and that's why I'm postponing it.
I have never had a problem, works like a charm to dual book Win7 and Ubuntu 11.04.
"Well... I suppose I was triple booting, not dual booting, but still... It installed itself on the entire hard drive instead of the nice partition I had set aside and didn't even work afterwards. I spent two days fixing my computer (my second OS still doesn't work). Perhaps it likes you better.
UbuntuisevilUbuntuisevilUbuntuisevilUbuntuisevilUbuntuisevilTHEGAMEUbuntuisevilUbuntuisevilUbuntuisevil"
Today I ate a chocolate milk-shake. With a knife.
today, Chia and I organized eleven years worth of scioly papers. In one hour.
I finally got my keyboard back
"Eating a chocolate milkshake with a knife takes more skill
In other news, I FINALLY GOT MY LEARNER PERMIT!"
"I do not recommend Emma. I called a plot point 60+ pages ago, and I'm 110 pages into the book... my prediction turned out to be exactly right about ten pages ago. And this was a twist from the main character's perspective.

GAH VICTORIAN NOVELS WHY"
200 posts from E/M
Based on the Staircase of Wasted Time, 34% of my time spent is useful
"the only thing worse than going back to school is enter a high school with no SO
Oh and 8.08 of my time is useful
btw does anyone know if there are any scioly archives older then the obb"
It's a beautiful thing when all your fans are running at <1000 RPM, and yet, temps are only around 35 degrees C.
9804
"^
was that a joke...?"
So how about those earthquakes?
I heard you like Earthquakes?
"Yeah! I doubled your earthquake so you can shake while you shake!
Oddly enough, I didn't feel the quake. But my dad (30 minutes away) had his office evacuated."
"Same here!
My dad felt it at work (they had an earthquake drill or whatever in his office), but I didn't feel a thing 30 minutes away..."
I was playing starcraft 2 when it happened. My opponent in New York said he felt it too.
"I woke up at midnight, got ready for work, looked at the clock, went back to bed, and woke up again at 4 AM.

...Of course, I went online and heard about this earthquake thing of yours.

I must say... I'm jealous of you East-Coasters. I've never felt an earthquake! (In fairness, I've been stuck in typhoon-like weather, but still.)"
"I felt it, but I thought originally that it was due to construction. (A new college dorm is being built sort of close to my house)

Fun tidbit: my grandfather studies earthquakes at a university in Peru. For once, the earthquake occurs closer to us than him. >.<"
My brain never registered it as an earthquake. I thought someone was shaking my chair or hammering in the basement.
I thought it was just me, then I looked up and saw my pendulum swinging. We felt it for a good minute in way north PA- it was pretty awesome! (We've had smaller earthquakes, but they always seem to happen when I'm sleeping)
earthquake?
Yeah, haven't you heard about it? There was a 5.8 earthquake outside of Washington DC, and it was felt for a good distance around. I am so far north in PA that I am pretty much in NY, and I felt it pretty clearly.
darn i missed it... we had a super light one 2 or so years ago...it was in the early morning and some kid slept through it and woke up finding himself on the ground instead of his bed
Haha... I think the last time there was an earthquake over on the West Coast, I was playing Guitar Hero and I thought I was just getting dizzy or a headache or something from staring at the screen too long. However, I've also never been in an area that's under tornado warnings or anything similar to that, so yeah. On another note, Earthquake by The Used is a great song. >_<
Like East, I originally thought someone was in the middle of construction (since we had people working on our basement right before the quake struck), but then I looked out the window (tip: don't do that during an earthquake) and saw their van wasn't there.
Heh, Kansas hasn't had an earthquake since New Year's 2008, I think.
hasn't there been one more recently, from the fault in missouri?
Nope.
Haha, I guess its's just we who don't get earthquakes. And tornado warnings are kind of boring; you just hide in the basement. I've never actually seen a tornado touch down, anyway.
I was in the Wenchuan Earthquake. You know, the earthquake that happened on May 12, 2008 and made international for a very long time and had a magnitude of 8.5 on the Richter scale and was the 21st most deadly earthquake to ever happen? The one with aftershocks of 6 on the Richter scale? I was in that. We had to sleep in tents for a week. Two man tents with five or six people sleeping in it at once. Over the summer. Needless to say, it was very hot and stuffy. I preferred to stay outside...until my grandma forced me to go to sleep.
On another note, we had the most amazing storm today. A large rain and thunder affair blowing in from the northwest on the jet stream, it literally looked like a painted scene. I was watching from a third floor wall to wall window facing north-northwest, and the bands of high and low pressure were so well delineated. At about 9:00, you could see a band of clouds, then a small strip of high pressure where there were no clouds, then another band of clouds, and the a band of low pressure, where there were low hanging and tall cumulonimbus clouds, with clearly visible rotating fronts. With bands moving fast, in half an hour, the low pressure band hit us and it started to rain violently. So amazing to watch the front come in with such a clear and high view.
But before the 5.8 one outside of DC, there was a 5.5 one just south of Trinadad, CO. Apperantly the people living on the floor below me felt in here in Colorado Springs but I didn't feel it.
Strongest earthquake that happened in IL when I was alive, I slept through. Yes I can sleep through a magnitude 4 earthquake...
I hate my life. I HATE my life. I HATE MY LIFE!!!
At Dave and Busters, I have 1337 tickets.
"The people in my World Geography class aren't very bright.

""Where's Italy?""
""Europe...""
""Where's Europe?""

And no, Brazil is not the country bordering Texas, and that country that you labeled ""South America"" is in fact Asia."
"Sounds like the first year my older brother did debate - there was a team that claimed Brazil didn't exist and used that idea as part of their case.

They also happened to beat my brother and his partner."
Gotta love kritiks.
"im stuck at the library.............
oh, and we received a severe weather watch just now! delightful :/"
"There was an earthquake about 36 minutes ago here in the Philippines! I'm near Iloilo City, so. I felt it and wasn't sure what it was...

It was very unexciting."
"BIG hurricane coming into the East Coast this Sunday.
WOOOOooooo."
...What is going on with the weather?
It seems to me that the closer we get to school, the worse the weather becomes.
"2012!!!!!!!
the mayans were right!! =P"
the Mayans did not predict the end of the world XD
"OH MY GOODNESS THE 2012 NATIONALS SITE IS NOW UP
http://sont.ucf.edu/ --> http://www.scienceolympiad2012.com/"
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1gRvpjGP ... re=related
"http://www.abs-cbnnews.com/nation/regio ... hits-panay
^ It seems that that was what I experienced. Interesting."
I have to say, with all of the weird seismic and meteorological activity, these last two years feel like the first few minutes of a Roland Emmerich movie (such as 2012).
"They also posted the schedule. http://www.scienceolympiad2012.com/schedule.htm

Looks like only one schedule problem, so that's all good. This is of course assuming we get in."
Indeed it is. Presumptuous of you.
"BEST NATIONALS SCHEDULE EVER OH MY GOODNESS

IN OTHER NEWS, I GOT INTO POTTERMORE



AS YOU CAN TELL, I AM VERY EXCITED RIGHT NOW"
I know, it is!
I'M ALSO IN POTTERMORE WE MUST HAVE GOTTEN THEM FROM THE SAME BATCH! HIGH-FIVE
"NO, I HATE IT.
Remote Sensing and Water Quality are the same time, and Rocks & Minerals and Protein Modeling are the same time. Add that on to the fact that the NC schedule has Disease Detectives and Dynamic Planet at the same time, and I'm basically completely screwed by scheduling.
GAH, I LIKE LAST YEAR'S SO MUCH MORE >_<"
Wow, already assuming you'll make it to nationals. In August. Before most of you have even started school.
So, my bff had a sleepover a while ago, and me, being the dork i am, insisted we watch the ORIGINAL version of True Grit for the millionth time. Once that was done, we ended up sleeping on my couches. When she woke up, she told me her dream. really random, but it was about me being a very idiotic driver, and us going over a bridge, and so Mexican Bob (a character in True Grit) wsa apparently locked in the trunk, and now screaming rapidly in Spanish. Turned out it wasnt MExican Bob. It was Her ex-boyfriend (also Mexican, but no racisism intented), and so I asked him like, yesterday if he would start screaming rapidly in Spanish if I locked him in a trunk (*disclaimer* 1. I am not racist, and my bffls ex-boyfriend did NOT take any offense in me asking that, nor was any offense intended. i have a randomly curious mind. and 2. i would not actually lock my favorite actor (Mexican Bob) or my bffls ex in a trunk and drive idiotically across a bridge) anyway, he said yes, he would start screaming rapidly in spanish. ironically, he knows no spanish. i think
"Hm...how should I word this.
I'm not assuming I'm going to nationals, but rather assuming if I went, how my schedule would stack up. Not to mention, it's nice to be prepared for whatever may come."
"Wand: Ash with phoenix feather core, ten and three quarter inches, hard

EDIT: RAVENCLAW WOO"
Gah... first day of school and I'm already starting to miss summer. DX Also, the weather is HORRENDOUS.
"I WANT IN!!!!
I CHECK MY EMAIL EVERY HOUR, and it is all for nought."
"""Naught"", Naps, it's spelled with an ""a"", not an ""o"".
My friend is pessimistic about Nationals this year....extremely pessimistic. He doesn't heed the fact that we had won State 15/16 times we have participated and says we'll fail this year. He's making me nervous and jumpy...which is why I am reading a book called Clinical Chemistry (which was one of my coach's old college textbooks)."
"Never, ever take nats for granted. Empirical evidence proves that teams that do so often do not make nats, or come close to missing.

15/16 times may be a fact, but it's also the past. You don't get to nationals because teams from fifteen years ago did. You get there through what you do now. Your friend may have a point."
Wow, that was deep Z. Well said
I don't think I have ever taken about 3.5 hours to help someone with math homework that I would have done in about 15 minutes. It may be because the girl I was helping has a visual impairment and I had to read every proble to her, but I don't really mind that it took so long.
"My wand's ash with unicorn core, ten and three quarter inches, hard. I'm also in Ravenclaw!
zyzzyva98 wrote:
Wow, already assuming you'll make it to nationals. In August. Before most of you have even started school.
Not assuming; more like hoping and dreaming. As haverstall said, it's interesting to think about the exciting possibility even if it's not a certainty yet.
zyzzyva98 wrote:
Never, ever take nats for granted. Empirical evidence proves that teams that do so often do not make nats, or come close to missing.
15/16 times may be a fact, but it's also the past. You don't get to nationals because teams from fifteen years ago did. You get there through what you do now. Your friend may have a point.
Very true; the numerous upsets and broken streaks this year provide prime examples of that. Often times, losing can be the greatest motivator for a team."
"Wand buddies! Except for the core
Luo wrote:
Often times, losing can be the greatest motivator for a team.
Indeed."
"/me refrains from commenting

In other news, this should be a fun weekend (Sunday especially), what with Hurricane Irene and all.

Edit: And I am up at this ungodly hour because I need to get my sleep schedule all sorted out for school."
Somehow, my spellcheck didn't catch that. I knew I had spelled it wrong, right clicked on it, and it didn't give me the correct spelling.
"Hmph. You're just jealous because we have the best house and the best wands.

EDIT: And the best pets... yay barn owls! (In other news, Luo's profile looks nearly identical to mine. >.> )
Compare:


EDIT2: http://insider.pottermore.com/2011/08/brief-update.html <--- Take comfort, those of you who are not Prelude, Luo, or me.
EDIT3: My sister registered about half an hour after me and is also in.
EDIT4: She is in Hufflepuff.
EDIT5: I'm not sure if anyone here will be Sorted into Hufflepuff, so http://i.imgur.com/oMvI1.png is a description of it. Spoilers - consider yourself warned."
Five edits? Is that a new record?
ha. i came close. i edited something 3 times.
Gasp, I just started to read my Chemistry text book for fun.
"An aquaintance:
The deepest saying ever: An eternal abyss.

Aannyywwaayy......

FIREFIGHTER PHOENIX!!!"
"Hello from the flat part of Kansas!

Y U NO RESPOND"
"I actually edited it a lot more than that... like I usually do, for typos and whatnot, without marking it.
EpicFailOlympian wrote:
Hello from the flat part of Kansas!
You mean, all of it, right?

EDIT: Hopefully all of you on the East Coast are all right; I hear the hurricane's hit North Carolina, so a shout-out to Dox and whoever else is there. There was a tropical storm headed for me, but it seems to have changed to be heading for Taiwan now. Nevertheless, we're getting some strong rain."
"Tomorrow the hurricane is supposed to reach me, but from what I've heard it's swinging west quite a bit. According to Weather Underground, it will mostly hit NYC, but it could do anything.
WOOOOOOooooooo."
"All we've done for the hurricane is get a lot of water and stuff like that. We've also moved all of the patio furniture into the garage.
My brother who is a freshman at University of Delaware, was evacuated. All ROTC students were driven home if they lived in the NJ, NYC or LI area. My oldest brother, had a choice of evacuating, I think."
I've went through 2 hurricanes in Florida so this one will be my third.
And that's why you should all live in Illinois all we get is thunderstorms and a couple of blizzards in the winter, with the occasional tornado warning thrown in. Only rarely do they cause any damage.
Yeah! Plus the Winter of '09, where school had to be cancelled due to extreme cold (<-20 F). But no hurricanes !
Well in NYC suburbs (where I am) there are a lot of school cancellations due to storms and snow. The hurricane is heading in my direction.
"What will happen to Broadway? To Wall Street?? Its the end of the world when you can no longer dream of being a stockbroker in New York!!! (hopefully no one will take that offensively.)
Praying For New York,
-Geekychic13

P.S. The last hurricane that hit New York was in 1821!!

P.P.S. I live in Illinois too

P.P.P.S. I am also praying for Steve Jobs, who, because of a rare form of pancreatic cancer, (note: he did not say that when he resigned, but that is the case) can no longer be CEO of Apple, and resigned on 8/24/11. PRAY FOR HIS HEALTH"
Shouldn't you also pray for new england? Eye will pass straight thru there.
Isn't New York in New England?
....not sure
Well for the rest of New England then.
"NY is NOT in New England. New England is CT, MA, ME, NH, and VT.

NYC and surrounding regions such as Southwest CT and Hudson/Bergen Counties in NJ are called the Tri-State area."
"New England also has Rhode Island. It may be the smallest state, but it still counts.
Long Island = also a part of the Tri-State area.
God, what are they teaching in school these days -.-"
"Two things:
A. New York City will not be destroyed. The steel superstructures will, I'm sure, be able to withstand a Category 1 storm. Your dream of being a stockbroker is not over. The city will recover from whatever damage it takes.
B. Steve Jobs resigned. It's not the end of the world. Maybe Apple computers will begin to be functional without him."
I forgot about RI, maybe it's too small. Yes it is part of New England. I did not learn this in school. They don't teach local geography.
"IIRC from my APUSH days, NY is one of the middle Atlantic states. Along with Pennsylvania, Maryland, New Jersey, and Delaware.
The tri state area is more applicable when talking of the highly developed areas and populated areas directly in that tri border zone. For Say western philadelpha and upstate New York, tri state doesn't apply to us. Furthermore it wasn't the old colonial classification like New England was."
"Good day to everyone.



Suddenly a Category 1 hurricane seems slightly less impressive."
I'm just glad I didn't live there....
Anyone experience the hurricane from the Carolinas/Virginia?
Nothing exciting has happened in VA yet, other than the sky being darker than it usually is at 5 PM.
Hahahahhaha school getting cancelled for weather you make me laugh.
The storm already passed Virginia...
I feel so lost in the midst of all this talk of hurricanes over on the East Coast. On the West Coast, our biggest problems are super hot weather, which pales in comparison to a hurricane... xD
My Dashboard.
Honestly, your school is full of wimps if they cancled school for -20 wheather. I had to go to school with the tempature being about -35 to -40.
Remember, you live in Colorado.
Agreed.
"Wow thats crazy o.0 Your school is nuts.

Ours is very resistant to closing because of snow, which we get a ton of because of lake effect. Though in comparison I guess we aren't bad for temperature. Our schools are mandated to close if with windchill the temperature is -20 or below."
"Our school mandates that we close if there is any problem with water when the temperature is over 92 degrees.

In June school was cancelled for low water pressure during a time when it was 95+ degrees.

In Austin, TX, there was once snow (and 6 inches in Dallas), and our plane in Houston, TX almost had to be DE-ICED. Fail.
They are much more sensitive to these things and so many schools closed etc.

As with earthquakes in the East Coast (one in Virginia a few days ago), people are less prepared than those on the west coast, which cause many people in NYC to panic and begin evacuating buildings. (I believe this is not what they do in the west coast.)"
Our school closes if there is any snow. At all. Once we had exactly 1 cm of snow...school was canceled. It wasn't even freezing.
my First post!!
"Hilarious Videos:

Mousetrap, just make sure you watch the whole thing, if you dont you might think i am a horrible evil person:
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gHlmpRRCX5U

Lazy People Stuck on an Elevator
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oXCuGvsThEw"
"This just wants to make me cry. 1 CM OF SNOW?!?! I think the last time we had a snow day was....4-5 years ago?

It just so happens that all the big snowstorms happen during the weekends. It's SO much fun to shovel a pathway, look back, and realize that in that time period, the same amount of snow that you shoveled has reappeared on the pathway. Also, our district says that if the superintendent can drive to school, we have a school day. He lives in Wisconsin. And he probably has four-wheel drive."
Hahah, same. Our superintendent (supposedly from Alaska) gets up at 4, drives around the city, and if he thinks its too bad then we have a snow day. the guy drives around in a Hummer, and he's from Alaska. explains why we have almost no snow days
The last alteration to school I can remember was in middle school, maybe 5 years ago. School was delayed because the biodiesel in the buses froze. >.>
"we should start a new hurt and heal
(now sit back and let the death threats roll in)"
No we should not. NO
they upadated the events!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Woo, rollover. It looks clean!
"I think this is a moment to treasure. My first rollover.

In other notes, MLG Raleigh was awesome."
"I just screamed out in excitement for the board rollover...
That may have been the upper limit of nerdyness."
Alright, now it feels like the SO season again
Whee, it's up! 2012, here we come!
everything looks so clean and concise now on my homepage.... i like it
Woah! When did everything change to 2012...? When did 2011 become archived?
AHHHH Alpha beat to the PA thread.
Besides some spacing issues with stuff (the word "subject" overlaps the Re: part) the mobile site is pretty cool.
yeah i agree, this mobile site is pretty nice. looks great on my tablet
"hm...I didn't notice this at first, but my post from the mobile site seems to not have my sig in it...

Is this something I can change in my settings? Or is it just a glitch?"
Is Exabot [Bot] a new bot?
No.
"Pages to read for APStat, a 20-sentence paragraph to write for French, notes and studying for Chem, and half a chapter of APUSH all assigned on the first day of school and due on the second?

Challenge accepted."
I want to honestly know, am I the only person that would have zero problems with helping someone with their college algebra homework, which was only about 45 easy problems, for about 7.5 hours?
I would... definitely have problems with that. 8 hours doing math?
Yay, just downloaded Wolfram Mathematica! They give ARML participants a free one-year license.
Wait, how do you get that license? And do ARML tryouts count?
There's a link on the ARML website to an online form you fill out. Wolfram verifies your name on the ARML roster and then they send you a download link and license code. I don't think tryouts count, but I suppose you could try it; who knows, it might work!
Shame that it explicitly states not to give it to anyone else, or I'd give you mine, because we all know I'd never touch it.
Depends on the person, I guess. At a problem per 10 minute clip, maybe that could get a bit tiring. But I'm always willing to help, so I guess sure, I'd do it.
Ah familar heartbreak and depression state you were somewhat missed.
Pity indeed, because I want to try it.
I get 30 adobe autodesk programs (such as autoCAD, maya, and inventor) for the entire time i'm in high school, and they let you use it in college if you ask nicely.
I have Maple already; I just want to try Mathematica. Because Maple basically does all of the things my TI-89 does, except it can graph prettily and I can print out things.
"Inventor's so cool! I got to use it in 8th grade PLTW class to reverse-engineer stuff.
Kokonilly wrote:
I have Maple already; I just want to try Mathematica. Because Maple basically does all of the things my TI-89 does, except it can graph prettily and I can print out things.
Mathematica's turning out to be pretty complicated to learn, but its capabilities are top-notch."
?
unbelievably jealous.......
"Project Lead The Way. Our school calls it a ""pre-engineering"" course.

It was pretty fun in middle school, never did it in high school."
"I'm 12 tomorrow. The thought of it makes me so hungry. Dunno...
If I was born 20 minutes later, I'd be in 6th grade now.

EDIT: When did harryk get an exalt?"
A few weeks ago some time during the summer he received one.
"Isn't it... still summer?

I leave the Philippines (and Asia) tomorrow at midnight. Man, will I miss the weather and food here. And my family. 'Tisn't often I get to see them.

On the other hand, I miss my friends and immediate family after two months of being away from the former and three weeks away from the latter, so I guess it evens out."
"Koko, don't rub it in

Since school started, my teachers have expected us hit the ground running. In the first three days of school, we had 4 quizzes/tests, 2 of the pop. In the next week, something in every class... and the teachers haven't let up."
"6 days until school starts FTW. Also: I still have not finished any part of my summer homework, but the next six days are going to be awesome.

EDIT: I have an entire suitcase full of food and more grocery shopping to do tomorrow... yay for pasalubong! My family submitted a list of items they wanted me to buy, and it's taking several trips to get the job done. So far, I have a small suitcase filled with books (when left to my own devices, I seem to have a tendency to buy lots of books, especially here because dang are they cheap ) and a traditional dress my mom wanted padded with clean clothes, a large suitcase full of food padded with chips bags, and a large suitcase only lined with clothes so far, to be filled with food. Yay for packing... somewhat efficiently? And for anticipated death at customs upon arrival in the States? I hope they don't inspect the suitcases... it was embarrassing the last time they opened a suitcase to see it full of food."
I got a telescope for my birthday!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Happy Birthday!
What kind?
A reflector that can magnify up to 72x, can determine your location, and self-adjust to find a specific object in the sky.
"You know who has good customer service music? Bell Tires.
I actually didn't mind being put on hold"
I just realized how dead these forums are when a majority of participants are in school.
"actually, they start heating up again around november, when scioly starts...
and then in the first month or so of summer, its pretty boroing too"
Though the heightened activity on the event forums during the school year more than makes up for the lack of activity on YDRC.
I just realized that I have started to read my Chemistry textbook for fun.
Yay! Thank you to the mods for my exaltation.
"Congrats Luo and Nylhvsso on being exalted!

In another random comment, Del Lazaro is an amazing person. You should all check him out on youtube."
"Cool, make/model?

Magnification is a fairly useless basis of comparison...stick a small enough eyepiece in and you can magnify as much as you want. But the clarity won't be there. All depends on aperture...the more light you can gather, the clearer the image.

Goto and tracking are nice features. I currently only have a dobsonian, but star-hopping is fun too. Learn more about the sky that way. But not as convenient, harder to find dim objects, and not good for astrophotography. The club that I am in charge of at school has a 10"" Newtonian on a goto mount...that is pretty nice."
"Yeah. I'm gonna get a light pollution filter. There's all too much in Illinois...
All I know is that the brand is Celestron. I do not know the model; just got it yesterday."
"Congrats to you and Nylhvsso!

Also, I'm in Incheon for the next 5 hours. Should be fun... All of the shops and restaurants open at 7 (in an hour), too, so."
"Celestron makes good scopes. We have a C10-NGT, it's pretty nice. Light pollution is awful here too though...especially on a college campus fairly close to the city. If I go two hours away I can get to very nice skies...but here, it's not good.

Either way, the planets and some brighter DSO's are easy enough to see even in the worst of skies. Below are some pictures I've taken in heavily polluted skies - and they don't do justice to what your eye actually sees through the scope, either. They were taken by nothing more than a point-and-shoot camera focused through an eyepiece.

Oh, and by the way...quality eyepieces are a good investment. The Plossl that came with our Celestron scope was horrible. My Orion Plossls were only about $60 each and have a drastically better image than the included one."
Is that the Orion Nebula? I am a bit dusty on my astronomy ...
Yep.
........... andrew, that's a 1000+ dollar telescope O.o
"Yep. We purchased it with club funds, so we went with something we could afford (as a college student club), but something fairly nice as well. It pales into comparison to some of the telescopes you might find at an event of our local astronomical association, but it isn't bad.

Personally, I have an 8"" Orion Dobsonian (XT8). It's a great all-purpose scope - it's very easy to use and offers a lot of aperture. No goto or tracking, so it's not very good for astrophotography, or finding really dim objects, but it's helped me become a better star-hopper. But it performs quite well, especially in dark-sky locations...I've been able to find and see things such as the Ring Nebula (in very dark skies, and with a lot of time spent). Things like the Lagoon Nebula are very clear."
"I'm home!

Cue trumpet fanfare."
*wimpy clarinet fanfare*
I've been playing way to much pokemon lately
"I have been listening to too much music lately.

On the plus side, I did manage to get a 100% on my first quiz of the year for my Chem class."
mnstrviola: I like your sig. I like the Dental Care song part of it especially. Wouldn't you know, that just happens to be my sister's favorite song.
"Well, my sister plays the clarinet, so I guess I would have gotten that had I asked for it.

On another note, today and tomorrow are looking to be rather exciting ( ), so that'll make the last bits of summer homework more bearable.

EDIT: I also slept for slightly less than 12 hours last night! Yay for no jetlag!"
so notfabio did change his name to matthew
I am kinda excited for my baseball tryout today.
My Pottermore welcome e-mail came!!!
I really don't get whats so great about pottermore
"Yeah me neither... :/

Anyways, I built a beautiful RC-intended delta wing plane from scratch yesterday, but... I don't have any of the electronic components. It's gonna cost $50 and I have to wait a week and a half"
MILL CREEK MIDDLE SCHOOL IS THE BEST SCHOOL IN THE WORLD BOO MONTECELLO
HOW DO YOU GET TO BE MORE THAN A MEMBER, DO YOU HAVE TO COMPETE IN AN EVENT OR SOMETHING !!!!!???????? HELP ME DARK SABRE
"...I don't even.

On another note, it seems I've conquered jetlag!"
"Ah look, new people. Means another season's starting up!
quadratic wrote:
I really don't get whats so great about pottermore
It's only the last hurrah for the defining pop-culture phenomenon of our generation. NBD."
Pop-culture?
Not this again. When we heard South was playing "Bad Romance" at stand and blow, I'm pretty sure I saw you groan with everyone else too.
I'm assuming "Bad Romance" is a song of some sort. If I did groan (which I don't remember), it was probably because I recognized it as something that is part of the "pop-culture" that I actively try to distance myself from. South is awesome, by the way.
"There are some aspects of pop culture I cannot stand. However, Lady Gaga is not one of them

/end token dissenting post

oh, and this thread has 666 pages"
I like how this thread has more posts than the 10,000 post thread.
Could we just rename this post thread the YDRC/10,000 post thread?
No.
I feel Evil. I think im going to go make a snow cone.
"Why thank you
Yup, that is probably the only part I particularly enjoy in that song.

Editing the wiki is more fun then it seem(s)(ed)! If only homework could be too."
FINALLY I have power and Internet back!
Filler
Seconded.
"I was kind of joking, other people were relating the two together and since the YDRC post is almost to 10,000 I said that...

apparently no one got it"
I have to say that I really like the changes for this rollover.
"post #9990


is the plural of ""food bolus"" ""food bolus"" or ""food boluses""?"
"Wow.... tons of posts
and YES first day that it actually feels NICE out and isn't 100 degrees!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! (and im stuck in side writing speeches for Stu Co.)"
"I got put into slytherin in Pottermore...
...
..."
"*shuns*

Well, Slytherin's not all bad.

Is Sorting random?"
"I've just never identified with it, even gryffindor I feel I have more in common with. I've always consider myself a Ravenpuff, so I was prepared for either Hufflepuff or Ravenclaw.

Yeah I feel it is really random. The format of the questions is good, but there are 7. Two of my questions were Dawn/Dust and Heads/Tails, and those really don't tell you anything about me. Thats like 28% of my sorting on arbitrary questions.

I really thought I was going for a Hufflepuff, because I mentioned wanting trust above other things, and then being worried most about loneliness... doesn't really fit with Slytherin.

To be fair though... Slytherin has the least members with the most points."
You know, with all the hell you've put me through in my assassinations, I'm not at all surprised.
"/me sits around waiting for his Pottermore invite e-mail.

*whistles*

*twiddles thumbs*"
I second that.
Pancakes are good.
"Post 10k woooohoooo

Enlisted my brother to take out 9999 for me hehe"
I know you all love my gifs. Don't deny it.
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Exactly how can someone win at life if they care that much about reaching the ten thousandth post?
^
That post wins.
On another note, the State Fair is super fun! Mmm, cookies.
"Oh, don't be sad, Randy. I'm in Slytherin too, and I like it.
/me pats RandomPerson on the head."
In all honesty, I probably will be as well, if nothing else for the fact that I am ambitious.
You know, it really sucks that I forgot to bring my phone charger with me since my phone died last night.
"NNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
I wanted that"
"Aye, me too. With my luck I'll get it on Sept 30...

*is jealous of everyone who's already in Pottermore*"
So apparently my download speed from Copenhagen, 4650 miles away, is faster than my download speed from Overland Park, less than 10 miles away.
Server you're testing through probably doesn't have the upstream bandwidth.
With 1.5 Mbps... I don't think that's the case.
That would very much make it the case actually, but are you sure you know what andrewwski is referring to?
1.5 Mbps is my download speed. If a server used for testing internet speed doesn't have that much bandwidth, it has problems.
"That's true.

I have a ~100 mbps connection, and I find that most servers won't give me an accurate speed. Only the fastest (usually the ones hosted by speedtest.net) seem to be accurate."
100 Mbps... That's... fast. A university connection?
I love not having school today.
Now I feel better, I'm not the only one that doesn't have school today.
why do you not have school? we do...
Yep. I get about 50 up too.
"Wow, no one mentioned the 10,000th post

Urghghg, first day of school: 20 minute class = 2 hours of hw

Edit: wait, what? WINNER GOT POST NUMBER 10,000?!?!?! I'M ENRAGED NOW"
Middle schoolers get a late start tomorrow, but since I go to the high school for math first period, I don't.... But at least I get to wander aimlessly around school during my friends' first period at the middle school.
I got out of bed at 12:30 pm today. Yay for no school!
I got out of bed at 5 AM on 3 hours of disjointed sleep. Why do I wake up for freshmen...
That was after I had lunch...
Why do you have to wake up for freshmen?
Mentoring.
You get mentored by freshman? That is sadYea Yea i know you mentor them
cant wait for the XC meet today!
You mean the XD meeting?
Xc is cross country.
I know, it was a pun.
"Whee! I got my rules book! -is unnaturally excited-
Now I have to have even more self-control not to procrastinate on my homework"
Same chia, after hearing about the Heli rules, I've been smiling for two minutes straight I've already started sketching designs
"Whee, no school today! (But only because half the town's flooded. And it's still raining.)

In other news, I'm still waitin' on my rules.

Edit: School's cancelled for tomorrow too...I'm slightly in shock.(Oh noes, there go our only 2 snow make-up days.)"
I'd rather have it be flooding then have 90-95 degree weather... like we have right now
"its like less than 50 degrees over here

now i really see why chicago is called the ""windy city"" >.<"
Trade you
Wildfires! 100 degrees! You can smell the smoke the second you go outside... D:
strange weather much? Ours in IL has been normal enough, just light showers and mostly sunny days in the high 60s
"we've had rain, and it looks like it'll be for 5 days straight... :/
and the Texas wildfires thing is weird... After school activities at my friend's school were cancelled b/c of the smoke"
yes but the weather is always 60-66 or 80-86 it never settles in the comfortable 70's
Pennsylvania has gotten tornadoes, hurricane, earthquake, and mudslides this past month. According to my teacher.
Whoa, just noticed that on August 29, soinc added an official cyber-school policy to their website. Times are a'changin'. I wonder how many cyber schools seek to participate in Science Olympiad?
"waaa? *sulk* how can that be? i mean...you probably live like less than a 2 hour drive away from my school.. ? mehhh


and yes, tornadoguy, willing to trade ANYTIME"
We haven't had any rain by me in a long time.
"@Luo
""Such schools may not solicit or enlist public school, private school or home-schooled students on their teams.""

So we'll have to wait a bit longer for that scioly.org all-star team"
Yeah, I saw that...darn it.
...You're joking right? Do you live in the UP or something, cause it's rained so much this past week, and it's going to rain this weekend too...
Oh ya, Mt. Hood has had some major fires over the past couple weeks.. I felt like I was in Star Trek since the sun looked so sinister shining out from the smoke.
speaking of star trek my marching band is performing that in our show this year....
Our marching band show is about pirates! I couldn't be in it this year because I was away from home so much, but I'm going to see it tomorrow.
"@#$% Yes, I stole that from gh.
Though ours is more amazing."
"There was a nice solar flare, so there will be aurora's stretching down into the Continental US.
Check out the aurora forecast: http://www.gi.alaska.edu/AuroraForecast/2011/09/09/2

I do love solar maximum"
No I'm not it just barely went north of us. This past saturday it was sunny all day, while about a half hour north of us got alot.
Aww, that's depressing.
"Dang.

EDIT: Regarding marching band. Some language but the video itself is hilarious. (This is what I do at midnight. >.> )"
Look how straight those lines are...
aww...chicago was supposed to get it...i didn't see any!
"Huzzah! I hath Pottermore!

This is the best week of my life (well, excepting Tuesday)...awesome chem lab group, early dismissal, two days off school, and now this.

Edit: Aaaaaand of course Pottermore's down due to server load. Oh well."
I ate a fox which tasted like Shaun the Sheep.
i'm just pretending to be here. i'm really over there
But if you're over there, then how are you over here?
"^^
New people! Guess it's the start of another scioly season"
New trolls too.
I can't believe it. Yesterday, it was like, I think about 100 degrees outside, and today, there's this huge rainstorm with thunder. Wow.
It's incredible, isn't it? If only they dressed the set that way at high school marching band...
Speaking of marching, my band has just completed an imperfect trifecta: Concert, football game, and parade, all in under 48 hours.
"Its prime spam season new people have no idea of scioly protocol and do dumb things like
http://www.scioly.org/phpBB3/viewtopic.php?f=4&t=2599
or http://www.scioly.org/phpBB3/viewtopic.php?f=4&t=2593
than again old members can do dumb things too http://www.scioly.org/phpBB3/viewtopic. ... 21#p180521"
thanks for using your own posts as examples.
"3 more post z just three more
(till you get to 1000)"
"With a morning rehearsal thrown in the middle.
illusionist wrote:
New people! Guess it's the start of another scioly season
I'm not quite sure how someone can be in Afghanistan and Georgia at the same time."
The marching band show was great.
wow, was the site down?
"10 years ago today, when I heard about the 9/11 terrorist attacks, it didn't hit me how much of an impact it would have on our lives. I was six years old at the time. In the time since then, I've realized the magnitude of this tragic event. The attacks, and how we responded to them, are the defining moments of our generation in America. We proved then that even in times of adversity, we were still the greatest country on Earth. We still are today. Never forget the victims of September 11th.

Required listening for today

Also, this."
Well said.
"I was five, in kindergarten. The teachers didn't let on anything...I didn't even know that something big had happened til I was home and sitting on the couch, half-paying-attention to the news. I saw a video of a plane crashing into a building, replayed over and over. I had no idea what it meant. Now I do.

Never forget.

On a side note, anyone younger than the age of 10 today was born after 11 Sept 2001. Now that's a scary thought."
"I was also five and in kindergarten; however, the teachers did kinda tell us what happened. With my poor geographical skills (I lived in Charlottesville, Virginia on the UVA campus), I assumed that the Pentagon was very near us and that we were going to get attacked too.
That was terrifying, even if I didn't know what it all meant. I remember nothing else of that day.
AlphaTauri wrote:
On a side note, anyone younger than the age of 10 today was born after 11 Sept 2001. Now that's a scary thought.
My sister has never lived in a world without 9/11. She's always seen the incredibly strict flight restrictions and September 11 has always been a tragic day for her."
The other day we had a speaker talk to us about how he was on the 44th floor of the South Tower when the plane hit it. He got out safely. That was an amazing story.
Not to distract from the significance of today, but it's all a matter of perspective. You want a 'really scary thought'? The last time I competed in SO was in the spring of 1994, which is 17 years ago. High School Seniors competing in SO this year were born that year.
Thats not entirely true, there is a senior on the team for the high school I went to that was born before that year.
Yeah, people born between September 1993 and December 1993 are now seniors, depending on where the cutoff is. Hence, I'm a senior and was born in 1993.
...Huh. I was both in '96.
"Well, seeing as everyone is sharing their 9/11 stories I guess I'll go and share mine.
I was six years old. I was home that day, playing in my room, probably with an assortment of dinosaur toys. I had a small TV (the kind with a VCR built in) in my room, facing my bed. I was sitting on the floor, deep in play, when my mother ran in. She was frantic, and screamed ""A plane just hit the World Trade Center!'.
I didn't understand her urgency, because I misunderstood her. I thought she had said that a plane had hit the World's Fair structures, which are still standing in Queens. I had driven past them many times, on my way into the city, and although I would be saddened by their loss, I didn't see what the big deal was- after all, the World's Fair had ended in 1965.
She turned on the TV, and put on some news channel, and I saw the North Tower burning, a huge plume of smoke billowing from the top. I understood now that this was the World Trade Center- another familiar structure, which I had seen numerous times. Unfortunately, I thought to myself, it would probably be very damaged by this unfortunate accident.
Then United Airlines Flight 175 hit the South Tower, and my mother screamed. I was now very scared. We watched in amazement until both towers fell. My mom kept on talking about the firefighters at the base of the towers, and how they had been killed for their bravery. In my six-year-old mind, I didn't understand how they had been killed if they weren't in the towers, and reassured her that they were fine.
That year, I was angry. My parents wouldn't take me into the city for anything (including the newly-opened giant Toys ""R"" Us in Times Square) and my cousins refused to leave the city and spend Christmas with my family. I didn't understand the fear they felt. After all, the attacks were over. The only fear I felt was in the days immediately after the attack, when I thought the fuselage of a plane was going to come hurtling through my bedroom window (I had very vivid imaginations of that, and it was frightening).
Am I ashamed of my response? Yes. Especially considering that (as I found out a few years ago) my dad was supposed to be in the WTC that day."
You know how people who've gone through big events like pearl harbor or 9/11 say they remember everything they did that day and what they wore? Well I don't remember what I've worn for any big event, like even when Osama was killed.
But that wasn't a huge impact ming. I mean, did you really think "Oh no, something may happen to me"? It was in a different country. However, if something occurs close to you or even in the same country, it is a traumatizing experience.
"9/11 is impossible to forget. Even if I was three at the time, and I live as far away from New York as humanly possible while still in the East portion of the US, I can still remember it. Maybe because it's my birthday, maybe it's just because I have a partially eidetic memory, or maybe it's just one of those days I remember.
I remember waking up really early in the morning (like maybe six o'clock or something), and I was excited. Being three, I thought that a birthday was all about me-me-me-me. I wish it had been. I wish it still is...
Anyways, I started waking up my parents and grandparents, wanting them to wake up for my birthday. My parents went downstairs to make breakfast and stuff, while my grandparents took me to the park right by our apartment. We stayed there for two hours...and when we got back, my parents were whispering, and they looked kind of sad. I didn't know what was wrong, I thought maybe it had been something I had done (even then I blamed myself for almost anything that went wrong), but it was my birthday. I thought everyone was supposed to be happy on my birthday...
Afterwards, when I had my party, the kids were as usual, running, laughing, jumping...but I was pretty quiet, even then, and I watched the adults, who weren't laughing as they usually would be when talking to each other. I didn't understand what was wrong, and that night, I asked my mom...
She told me that some airplanes had been driven into two very important buildings on purpose. I asked why, because then, I couldn't imagine anyone wanting to do anything like that. In my brain, it just didn't compute. My mom told me that many people had died. Back then, I thought people couldn't ever die...9/11 changed that. My mom told me that people really had died, and that was when I realized people weren't immortal.
Three years later, around my birthday, we found a dead squirrel near a gutter. I asked my grandma why it had died...she told me that it was disobedient to its parents. But I was always reminded of my third birthday...like the squirrel had died just to make me remember that people will always die, and there are always bad people in the world. Maybe it was stupid, but to me, that squirrel symbolized the Twin Towers falling. Because of that, I went to the squirrel until it rotted away, crying over its carcass every time I went. To this day, I can't look at a squirrel without thinking of 9/11.

9/11 was horrible...and we won't ever forget. Not even the immigrants."
"Eh, I might as well go ahead and say what I remember, too...

I still wonder what it must have been like to be in the US on that day - I still lived in Canada at the time, but I felt impacted by the tragedy, considering I was a US citizen (I have dual citizenship). I had lived in the US for a few years when I was young, too. A lot of my Canadian classmates knew that, and I still remember getting lots of hugs and having teachers and other adults ask if I was all right. Unlike my older brother, I didn't actually see the planes hit anything because I didn't get up fast enough after my mom woke me up.

What I remember best was how Canada came to America's aid so fast. We had planes land in some of our provinces, for example... just goes to show Canada and America will always be brothers."
"I guess I might as well continue the trend.

I remember I was in the car that day, on the way to school, when we heard on NPR that the first plane hit the towers, and at first, I had absolutely no clue what was going on. I probably thought it was an accident. But I clearly remember sitting in my 2nd grade classroom when a parent came in and said that a plane had hit the Pentagon, but I still think at that point, I really had no idea what was going on.

Then when I came home, and watched some TV did I actually grasp what was going on, and I think for the next few years, I was always afraid that a plane would fly and hit my house.

I can still remember the days when you could go into the airport terminal without a ticket, and say goodbye to people. In fact, before, some people went to the Minneapolis-St. Paul airport, simply to shop at the Northstar Mall that was there. Now, with all the heightened security and stuff, it does feel different, but I guess it's for the better, in some respects.

Never forget 9/11."
Good point, although people born Jan 1994 - August 1994 are also seniors;)
"/me raises his hand

I was born in September of 1994, and I'm a senior -_-"

I was 4 on 9/11, and living in NYC. My parents shielded me from most of it, but I distinctly remember seeing smoke at one point. Apparently lots of people in my preschool class lost one or both of their parents.
There are a couple people born in October 1997 in my grade.
I go to school two miles from the national SO headquarters.
what grade?
the 1000 post thread is locked
"9th
10000th post thread just got locked what?"
Thank you, admins!
AHHH cyfalls double posted so I thought I could please no ban me
"yea but
quadratic wrote:
8794
quadratic wrote:
8795
quadratic wrote:
8796
quadratic wrote:
8797
quadratic wrote:
8798
quadratic wrote:
8799
quadratic wrote:
9000
EDIT: I'M A MORON 8800
EDIT: laugh a your pleasure I take no offense
this is way more extreme"
I... I think I am going to cry.
"no cyfalls posted for 3 pages straight
http://www.scioly.org/phpBB3/viewtopic. ... start=2940"
Just because others commit a crime doesn't give you the right to do so.
"Way to go quadratic
Who locked it, and why would you lock the most active thread on scioly?!?!"
Fix'd
"Because it was pointless and kept making our beakers red.

Again, thank you, admins!"
"Fixed.
*tears of joy*"
I totally agree that it was completely useless but it was still the most active, and isn't this the section of the forum for useless threads
"Might as well chime in while I can.

I remember it vividly, and when things like this happen. It really does take a toll on your memory. I can remember exactly what I was wearing when i found out, as well as everything else that day.

It was a beautiful Tuesday morning. I lived a good 20 miles away from the private school I attended, so I got up at my usual time of 6AM. after getting ready and everything, i remember I had left my calculator in my room, so I went to go search for it. I specifically remember looking at my clock. It was like one of those cinematic moments where a character looks at something, and thinks nothing of it, but the audience watching knows what that symbol means. In this case, My clock read 6:46AM, and the only thought going through my mind was that I was going to most likely be stuck in the morning rush hour.

We ended up taking the back roads into Boise, since the sun was getting ready to crest the mountains, and that sunlight= slow going on the freeway. My father liked to listen to talk radio, and the station we were on was talking about Boise State Football, and how they were doing since they Just switched conferences. This continued for a while. Finally, I bugged my dad enough to turn it to NPR, because my favorite program at the time ""stardate"" was supposed to come on at 7:30. We switched channels, and caught the end of some talk on terrorism and the trade towers. We thought they were talking about the garage bombing from the early 90s. They then went into detail about the towers, and my dad mentioned something about it possibly being foggy or something in manhattan(as was the case the last time a plane hit the empire state building). Not even a minute later, the broadcaster noted how the skies were crystal clear. A couple minutes later, they announced the hit on the Pentagon. We were in shock. I cried. I knew what was going on, and I knew it wouldn't be good and that it would be talked about for a while.

We arrived at the school just after 8AM, and people were being rushed into the gymnasium. Dad offered to take me back home, but I insisted on goign to school. While i walked in, one of my friends came over and asked if I heard. When I said I did, she mentioned that one of the towers had fallen down. I specifically remember trying to imagine the buildings in New York, and I remember asking myself how a building that big could fall over onto its side. It didn't seem possible. My 10 year old mind couldnt grasp the true possibilities.

Throughout the day, my 5th grade class got antsy. We had slated use of the mobile TV for the day for a science video, and I was able to twist some wires and get the TV to hone in on the local channels. From there, We saw the events unfold throughout the day. They mentioned a plane went down outside pittsburgh, and since I had family there, I got incredibly worried. Thankfully, my parents called the school and had a note sent to me that said they were ok. that afternoon, I headed home and watched more coverage on the TV. I remember waking up the next morning, and ABC came back from a commercial stating that they had been on the air for more than 24 hours.

I never lost anyone that day. When I was in HS, I found out one of my teachers lost her sister on Flight 175. Thats the closest I came to losing someone. I still take this day seriously, and some people ask me why i devote my mornings to remembering, since I had no losses. In truth, I lost a bit of myself. I lost my innocence that day, and I guess being in the 10/11 age was the threshold for the impact of the day, as people a grade below me don't remember a thing about it. I'll never forget that day."
This is so stupid that the 10,000 post thread is locked WOW!!! We're like almost done with it.....
Don't rant about it. I lost voice on IRC chat because of that. Trust me. Suck it up and move on with it
More required listening, I just remembered this from quite a while ago.
"Because sciolyers really need to show the world that they can count to 10,000. (And sometimes fail at that too.)

/passive-aggressive"
I be tired... I just five tryout tests for scioly, and the anticipation of grading up to 200 tests is not keeping me excited...
Yay! The 10000 post thread was finally locked! All my rants weren't for nothing!!!
"yeah personal finance presentations!
so we gonna start a new one or what?
~micah"
Hey, those of you that are cheering because the 10,000 Post Thread was locked, that's rude. That's like me saying "Yay! You didn't get into (insert college name here)! All my ranting paid off!" See how it feels? Not cool.
"No, no it isn't.
*more tears of joy*"
"Agreed with TheGenius; that's a bit of an extreme comparison.

In other news, it is dang hot outside. 84? In September? Not that I'm complaining..."
"Sry...
Anyway,





I LOVE MY TELESCOPE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"http://www.scioly.org/phpBB3/viewtopic. ... 7&start=33 I am not alone in multi posting
http://www.scioly.org/phpBB3/viewtopic. ... &start=143 or using the 10000 post thread
(please don't ban me)"
Lol quadratic... Enough with the "please don't ban me" =P
Nice catch. I don't think what robotman did or didn't do has any weight on the current situation. Go play outside or something, you spend too much time on here. (Hypocritical, yes, I know)
"Look, I can be brutal if I really want to, and I've done so before on here because the spam is unbelievable. Before I do that however...

Do you really not understand why your blatant spamming is a problem quadratic?"
Wow... my town is no longer underwater! Just under mud. I have spent the past several days running a red cross shelter and then helping friends dig their houses out. Stupid tropical storm Lee. Grrr... The water line in town is at least seven feet in some places.
"a little more then hypocritical coming from the top of the staircase of wasted time
and does my ""spamming"" really hurt anything its not malicious, 5 posts doesn't waste too much server space and you where all ignoring the thread anyway."
I'm tired of arguing about the 10,000 post thread.. The last thing I'm going to say is, people who are praising the lockout of the 10,000 post thread better watch what they say because people like *cough* Koko *cough* who did participate in it were actually helping the thread..
Thing is, I contribute to the site. I don't think you understand what this website is for. It's not for spamming a bunch of posting games. They may be fun once in a while... but it's not postinggames.org for a reason.
Its all about the precedent that this sets, I'll elaborate on this tomorrow when I have more time.
"Did Athens get slammed too? Hershey got hit hard...

Pizza, anyone? (Technically that's in Hummelstown, but it's still far too close to where I live.)

Several busloads of people were stranded at the high school for safety purposes, although one of my friends complained that they kicked out the people who drove to school just as the storm got worse. And one of the buses that did get out was up to the wheels in floodwater. (When they told the teachers to go home, one of my teachers had to make an illegal left turn and then drive across the highway median in order to get home.) And there was a tree floating down a nearby road. And my neighbors had about a foot of water in their basement.

Edit: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5IxnLmCAwZI It is freakin' scary when you know where most of these places are."
"Yeah. Athens is right at the intersection of two rivers- the Susquehanna and the Chemung. The S. crested and overflowed, until it was running into the C. The rivers were easily 30 feet above normal levels. Nearly all of in-town got water in their basement. most people got some in at least the first floor. the house i was helping at today (one of my coaches/ girl scout leaders) only got a few inches in the first floor, but one of my friends had a high water mark easily above my head (and i am tall).
This was one of the few times I am glad to be up on a hill away from town- my house is safe."
"Hey, I did it to shut it down faster and to tick off the people who were fighting about 'big' post numbers. And to do a favor to someone.

On a different note, Me Talk Pretty One Day is a good book and you should all read it. Except it's basically PG-13."
My great grandma's house is in a small town in the Catskills (Andes NY if you're curious) and from what I heard they didn't get slammed so badly. However, Margaretville which is 20ish minutes away, got flooded just as bad as Athens did. So bad that it got put on the national news IIRC. It was pretty strange to see that because we stayed there for a couple nights in the beginning of the summer.
":/
Makes me think about what would happen if Washington ...
Anyways, homecoming theme was just announced today. It's horrible, we get to become detectives. I guess some people would really like that, but I don't know... but eh. Probably not going to go anyways. Any of you guys?"
WOW. I just found out my cousins in Hummelstown lost everything in the flood.
East Stroudsburg has a CiCi's now!
and i am so glad it does!
"RIght, now to elaborate. I warned you about this first, but if you're insulting one of our own, I'm not holding back.

First putting down others, especially a wiki mod, who dedicates tons of his time to helping others, is a horrible horrible way of making your case. Zyzzyva may have a lot of useless/wasted time sure, but his posts even in the ""useless"" forums are longer, interesting, and informative. I have yet to check, but I'd bet you 100$ he has added so much more to the competition forums than you ever have. Additionally, the staircase only measures time, not post count. It might take you say 5 seconds to make one of your spammy posts, then you log out. But it make take zyzzyva a few minutes, and then he stays logged in anyway. In this case, zyzzyva added a lot more than you did, yet you have 5 seconds wasted time, Zyzzyva has maybe an hours worth. So your point is invalid even here.
quadratic wrote:
and does my ""spamming"" really hurt anything its not malicious, 5 posts doesn't waste too much server space and you where all ignoring the thread anyway.
Correct, the server space is negligable and none of us care about that

Spam itself is problematic because it doesn't add to anything, try getting an email address without modern spam blocking tech and sign it up for a bunch of sites. The spam you get well outweighs ever real email you get, and you can't use the account. That is what we're worried about here, and you're adding to that spam.

Yes we know it isn't malicious, if it was malicious, you would be banned right now. That is not an excuse however. In fact, I would say that non malicious spamming is much worse. If someone is trolling and being malicious, we (by we I mean the mods of course, not myself) can just remove it and move on. Malicious spamming on a huge scale is a problem, but that is not in the scope of this discussion.

Meanwhile, passive yet consistent spam from a lot of our younger users (and it is mostly b division users doing this, which means we're starting to be uninviting to b divisioners subconsciously, so you're putting a wrong stereotype on all young users because of your behavior) sets a precedent for allowing spam to be acceptable. This puts the moderating team in a bind. They can either take a stand and ban/tempban users or lock posts, but as we see here that causes an uproar, and makes this look like a strict uninviting community. Or they can let it go and allow the spam to escalate. Meanwhile if we had users that were better at self policing, we could look like an inviting community, and not have so much spam.

Of course, that would be in a perfect world. Our viewpoint on the matter is for the most part, we can ignore the stupid posting games, and as long as they don't get out of hand, they will be have to be kept so we can quarantine the spam. You're not the single worst spammer we've ever seen, probably not even the worst current one, but you are pretty bad to be completely honest. The 10,000 post thread is the most useless of all the useless. All the posts in there literally have numbers, not even jokes or word games like the rest that could maybe just maybe be interesting on an off day. Your 5 posts were merely the catalyst for the lock, which was a long time coming.

tl;dr, because I presume the people that this affects this the most might have uh... shorter attention spans: Spamming and double/triple/quadruple etc posting is very harmful to the moderation trying to keep this both a fun but controlled board, and it sets a precedent for more spamming. Too much spamming will inherently render the board undesirable for the serious users to visit, and this ruin the boards.

Let me speak to you directly however quadratic. This is nothing personal but I'm just being brutally honest. You are starting to get a bad reputation here because of the spamming, and being persistent against the lock is not helping. Reform your actions ASAP or this bad reputation may snowball. Also, your grammar is atrocious."
I understand your point Random Person, but for quad's sake some of this could've just been sent to him privately instead of out in the public..
That's entirely true. This should have been sent as a PM
"Certainly it could've, but I'm brutal and I'm not going to be nice to someone after they insult one of our wiki mods. I waited for him to be more than merely ignorant before that essay.

The majority of that post was directed at the other spammers in general (in fact, almost EVERYTHING was save the last miniparagraph before you criticize me for being cruel, which I totally am sometimes, but not so much right now), as they all have the idea that their spam is not hurtful, or at least annoying, which it is. I want that out in the open after that much effort."
I disagree. It's about time someone stepped up and laid out points like RP. While yes, this is embarrasing, but this can be considered as a point of reference for other cases like this. I think RP just saved the mods(and members, for that matter) a whole lot of work with his post.
Completely agreed. It had to be said.
I'm not saying it didn't have to be said. What I'm saying is that there is no need to say "quadratic" in that post. He could have said everything else, and I completely agree with the content of his message. Just not how he aimed it at quad.
"We all knew who it was aimed at anyway >_>

Now, let's get back to SO season. Surely most people have rules by now. Go populate those event threads."
Quadratic was the catalyst for this event. Putting his name into it makes the situation relevant and more important for readers. I mean, if I just blurted out an essay on that at any random time I'd look crazy. Its unfortunate but necessary.
"Well, it wouldn't have been a random time...
Whatever, I'm done arguing"
"RIght, now to elaborate. I warned you about this first, but if you're insulting one of our own, I'm not holding back.

First putting down others, especially a wiki mod, who dedicates tons of his time to helping others, is a horrible horrible way of making your case. Zyzzyva may have a lot of useless/wasted time sure, but his posts even in the ""useless"" forums are longer, interesting, and informative. I have yet to check, but I'd bet you 100$ he has added so much more to the competition forums than you ever have. Additionally, the staircase only measures time, not post count. It might take you say 5 seconds to make one of your spammy posts, then you log out. But it make take zyzzyva a few minutes, and then he stays logged in anyway. In this case, zyzzyva added a lot more than you did, yet you have 5 seconds wasted time, Zyzzyva has maybe an hours worth. So your point is invalid even here.
quadratic wrote:
and does my ""spamming"" really hurt anything its not malicious, 5 posts doesn't waste too much server space and you where all ignoring the thread anyway.
Correct, the server space is negligable and none of us care about that

Spam itself is problematic because it doesn't add to anything, try getting an email address without modern spam blocking tech and sign it up for a bunch of sites. The spam you get well outweighs ever real email you get, and you can't use the account. That is what we're worried about here, and you're adding to that spam.

Yes we know it isn't malicious, if it was malicious, you would be banned right now. That is not an excuse however. In fact, I would say that non malicious spamming is much worse. If someone is trolling and being malicious, we (by we I mean the mods of course, not myself) can just remove it and move on. Malicious spamming on a huge scale is a problem, but that is not in the scope of this discussion.

Meanwhile, passive yet consistent spam from a lot of our younger users (and it is mostly b division users doing this, which means we're starting to be uninviting to b divisioners subconsciously, so you're putting a wrong stereotype on all young users because of your behavior) sets a precedent for allowing spam to be acceptable. This puts the moderating team in a bind. They can either take a stand and ban/tempban users or lock posts, but as we see here that causes an uproar, and makes this look like a strict uninviting community. Or they can let it go and allow the spam to escalate. Meanwhile if we had users that were better at self policing, we could look like an inviting community, and not have so much spam.

Of course, that would be in a perfect world. Our viewpoint on the matter is for the most part, we can ignore the stupid posting games, and as long as they don't get out of hand, they will be have to be kept so we can quarantine the spam. You're not the single worst spammer we've ever seen, probably not even the worst current one, but you are pretty bad to be completely honest. The 10,000 post thread is the most useless of all the useless. All the posts in there literally have numbers, not even jokes or word games like the rest that could maybe just maybe be interesting on an off day. Your 5 posts were merely the catalyst for the lock, which was a long time coming.

tl;dr, because I presume the people that this affects this the most might have uh... shorter attention spans: Spamming and double/triple/quadruple etc posting is very harmful to the moderation trying to keep this both a fun but controlled board, and it sets a precedent for more spamming. Too much spamming will inherently render the board undesirable for the serious users to visit, and this ruin the boards.

Let me speak to you directly however quadratic. This is nothing personal but I'm just being brutally honest. You are starting to get a bad reputation here because of the spamming, and being persistent against the lock is not helping. Reform your actions ASAP or this bad reputation may snowball. Also, your grammar is atrocious."
I understand your point Random Person, but for quad's sake some of this could've just been sent to him privately instead of out in the public..
That's entirely true. This should have been sent as a PM
"Certainly it could've, but I'm brutal and I'm not going to be nice to someone after they insult one of our wiki mods. I waited for him to be more than merely ignorant before that essay.

The majority of that post was directed at the other spammers in general (in fact, almost EVERYTHING was save the last miniparagraph before you criticize me for being cruel, which I totally am sometimes, but not so much right now), as they all have the idea that their spam is not hurtful, or at least annoying, which it is. I want that out in the open after that much effort."
I disagree. It's about time someone stepped up and laid out points like RP. While yes, this is embarrasing, but this can be considered as a point of reference for other cases like this. I think RP just saved the mods(and members, for that matter) a whole lot of work with his post.
Completely agreed. It had to be said.
I'm not saying it didn't have to be said. What I'm saying is that there is no need to say "quadratic" in that post. He could have said everything else, and I completely agree with the content of his message. Just not how he aimed it at quad.
"We all knew who it was aimed at anyway >_>

Now, let's get back to SO season. Surely most people have rules by now. Go populate those event threads."
Quadratic was the catalyst for this event. Putting his name into it makes the situation relevant and more important for readers. I mean, if I just blurted out an essay on that at any random time I'd look crazy. Its unfortunate but necessary.
"Well, it wouldn't have been a random time...
Whatever, I'm done arguing"
"+1
zyzzyva98 wrote:
We all knew who it was aimed at anyway >_>

Now, let's get back to SO season. Surely most people have rules by now. Go populate those event threads.
I just uploaded a test to the test exchange for Rocks and Minerals! I think I'm going to work on one for forestry of RftS next. Not sure though, still deciding."
So apparently today is Programmers' Day.
"Please, keep it down.

Arguing about being useless over something useless is just useless...grow up. If anyone is that concerned over the locking (or existence) of a thread that adds nothing of value anywhere...may I suggest taking up a hobby or something?"
"Philosophical question of the day!!!!!


Why is our national anthem a fight song?"
Well, it started with a useless thread, but it escalated to a larger problem, which is the spamming of the site, which can be quite annoying. Granted, it's not a huge, huge problem, but it should be minimized.
Our national anthem is a poem... poems are not, have not, and never will be fight songs.
"Windows 8!
And more importantly, rules!"
Are you going to download the developer version? What sucks though, is that it can't dualboot :/
I downloaded the preview with developer tools, only to find out it is ever so slightly too big for a single layer DVD. Are you sure it can't dual boot? I have a virtual machine ready just in case.
Why was the 10000 post thread locked?
"...
You're so late.."
"Yeah, I'm almost 98.74652% sure. You have to do a clean installation.
Oops, sorry for the double post"
LOL!! Check it out for yourself.. And look at the past pages of YDRC
"Nope. I'm triple booting right now with Windows 8, Windows 7 and Windows 7. I would have quadruple booted, but apparently I can't have that many OSes installed at once. This is going to take a while to get used to.
Edit: Much different. I still can't figure out how to close applications."
"Seriously?!? You can dualboot it?
Hmm, guess my sources lied... >_>

Genius, can you PM me about how you dualbooted it?"
"this is a little off topic but it IS your daily random comments...
We have a COLD FRONT coming on friday!!! (we will finally be down to 98 degrees!!!) --- that is SOOOOO sad when THAT is a cold front.... soo sad but thats texas..."
We had a cold front come through today. From highs close to the 90s to lows close to the 30s. Welcome to Kansas.
"niiiiiccccceeeee.....

we were 120 (HI)- 115 .... sooo many fires sooo much smoke... its depressing. and NO RAIN... not ONE drop... i WISH we had low 30s if only..."
Here in beautiful Colorado Springs, CO, we have had about 35 and it has been raining all day long.
"My epic story of how I got the rules:
So, today was epic in a bad way. I got braces, we had a productive but degrading Robotics session...and of course, our first SO meeting of the year (just an orientation meeting). Now, Robotics ended at 5:00 pm, and the meeting was supposed to start at 5:30...but our coach said he would be there by 5:15 for the ""veterans"". (Did I mention that Robotics and the SO meeting were at two different schools on the opposite sides of town?) So, after I got to our middle school from the junior high, it was past 5:15...and our coach wasn't there, even though his son was. So we set up tables and waited...and directed new people...and I was on a tight schedule, because I had things to do.
So finally, at 5:35, our coach got there...and didn't copy the rules. So a couple of other kids and I went with our coach to the Xerox machine in the teachers' lounge in the main building to copy...and it failed. Badly. Seeing as this year, we were starting up Division C again, and had TWO rule manuals to copy...it was not good. But our coach kind of went back to the meeting because we had a 12th grader running it at that point. So the Xerox machine was left in the hands of a megalomaniac (aka our coach's son), two people who needed to be put into the insanity ward, and one person who was currently either on cocaine or ADHD (I am included in this count). But despite our best efforts (aka half an hour of poking around the Xerox machine)...we failed. And our coach kicked us out of the teacher's lounge after that, claiming that we were going to burn his rules (which, knowing the people who were helping me, would be ENTIRELY plausible). But a few minutes later, we were ready to try again...and we still failed. The fact that two more insanity-ward-worthy people had showed up...didn't help. There was one level-headed person in that room (and it wasn't me). And still...both Xerox machines failed.
After that, the orientation was 75% over...and the coach's son and I went to go copy the rules in the 7th grade building. And there, the coach's son remembered that he had forgotten the keys...so he sent me to get them. So get them I did, and we started scanning and printing...except that we needed over a hundred copies, and NJ only knew how to make one copy at a time...not noticing the quantity pad.
It failed a few times, and then our coach got up there and tampered with it a bit. He hammered out a couple of Div C rules manuals, and then beat a copy of the Div B rules manuals out for someone else.
Then we found out that two students had been lost on a field trip...not good news for anyone...
After a very long time talking and debating, and copying and failing...I finally got a copy of the rules. At 6:45 pm. 1 and 1/2 hours. And I didn't even get a second copy to give to my friend, who wasn't able to hang around that long...
But I am also the only person who got double sided rules. So that made me happy enough."
Does anyone know a good place where i can convert word docs to pdf? I know somebody told me a website, but I forgot it XD
Get a PDF creation software, there are several available. PrimoPDF, CutePDF, PDFCreator, etc. They show up as a separate printer on your machine, you essentially print to that software program and then create the PDF.
If you have Word 2007, just go to the Office button in the upper left corner, hover over "Save As", and select pdf in the menu that appears. In Word 2010, hit File, Save As, and then select pdf from the Save As Type list.
"Man, that sucks. My sympathies. Yeah, I read the rest of the story, but that's all I could comment on.

Also: I'm not homecoming royalty, and I'm a National Merit semifinalist!

EDIT:
Luo wrote:
In Word 2010
You use 2010 too? Yay! I thought everyone had 2007."
All the cool people use 2010. Word 2007 was like so last year.
No no, you use word 2014!!!!
i still have Word 96 >.<
ARE YOU SERIOUS?!?!??! THAT'S A JOKE RIGHT...?
That doesn't exist.
No, alas, I have 2007.
...most of my computers have Word 2003. Or Linux OpenOffice
It's word 97, right?
My bad, Word 97.
Doesn't that have a flight simulator and a pinball game in it?
KOKO IS THE BEST!
And illusionist is just like winneratlife.
Fix'd
What prompted this?
A bet... >.>
We had a bet on the chat that illusionist was just like winneratlife; it was settled with a survey. 5 people agreed with me; no one agreed with him. He seemed likely to back out of the bet, so I made him follow through with it, even with the small sample size.
Fix'd
I must run a sub-20 in XC this year, or so help me.
...And now you just look like you have a huge ego. Way to fix it so that you're saying you're the best...
Dang
I have Word 2000, or maybe even older. And this computer is ancient, I don't think I can download anything. Do you know of a website?
get office 2010 then. Just click save as and change .doc to .pdf.
Oh sure, that only costs $90+. Pocket change.
"I just went from 2000 to 2003. I have 2007 and 2010, but I don't like them. 2003 was great. I don't like the new interface. Especially for Excel.

Applications like CutePDF shouldn't take much to run...if you can run Office, you can likely run them (although you probably couldn't run Office 2007/2010).

Or just Google for some online tool...I'm sure you'll find something."
The simplest way is to log into Google Docs (which is entirely online, no need to download anything). Press "Create" and then select New Document. Copy the text from your Word doc, and paste it onto the Google Doc. Then in that Google Document, click on File, "Download As" then click on PDF. Just select the spot where you want to download it, and that's it!
alright, thanks illusionist =) that really helped! now i uploaded my awesome aquifers test to scioly. it can be seen at http://scioly.org/wiki/Test_Exchange along with the answer sheet.
No problem mnstr!
I liked office 2007. I have office 2011 for mac now on our school laptops and it's like 2000 and 2003, not like 2007 at all.
That is an interesting thing to come back to.
Yeah, it has the ribbon from 07, but it has the grey color and boxy look from 03.
It's such fun to work on SciOly stuff during Newspaper... especially with a really old computer.
Oh how coincidental. I'm on scioly.org while on a school newspaper laptop.
AHHHHHHHHHHH z is a mod in chat and he banned me, which means once he is a mod in the forums...
...Then depending on his actions, we may have a reason to nominate him for a Nobel Peace Prize.
"You know that one time I said I was applying to 14 colleges? Well, now it's 16. Maybe even 17. And two early action schools.
October, you are now officially known as the worst month of the year.
/me prepares herself for virtually no social life"
Koko, what would you do if you got accepted into all of them?
No problem mnstr!
I liked office 2007. I have office 2011 for mac now on our school laptops and it's like 2000 and 2003, not like 2007 at all.
That is an interesting thing to come back to.
Yeah, it has the ribbon from 07, but it has the grey color and boxy look from 03.
It's such fun to work on SciOly stuff during Newspaper... especially with a really old computer.
Oh how coincidental. I'm on scioly.org while on a school newspaper laptop.
AHHHHHHHHHHH z is a mod in chat and he banned me, which means once he is a mod in the forums...
...Then depending on his actions, we may have a reason to nominate him for a Nobel Peace Prize.
"You know that one time I said I was applying to 14 colleges? Well, now it's 16. Maybe even 17. And two early action schools.
October, you are now officially known as the worst month of the year.
/me prepares herself for virtually no social life"
Koko, what would you do if you got accepted into all of them?
"1. That won't happen.
2. I'd rather have that decision than no decision at all.
3. It really just won't happen."
to imsa or not to imsa that is the question
"imsa"? wasdat?
"You do realize how much in app fees that is right?

I'm only applying 6 at the most."
"It's like $750 isn't it?
That's not too bad... I bet Koko already paid $1500 in AP tests"
imsa is Illinois math and science acadamy they've done very well in SO. They are three year high I might apply to. Although I probably won't because you have to board.
"Haha... yeah...
illusionist wrote:
It's like $750 isn't it?
That's not too bad... I bet Koko already paid $1500 in AP tests
$50-100 per college... and that would be over 17 AP tests, even if our school didn't discount the AP test fee. So, fail."
whew He got unmodded I can live for a little longer
...and that's quadratic with the up-to-the-minute news of what happens on chat. "And that's the way it is"
Is Z God now?
You didn't know? You're a bit late... :P
...All hail the great Z!
If z's a god I think I might get eternal torture
"How do you nominate someone for the nobel peace prize?
I want to nominate The Great and Mighty Z."
back from the first congressional debate tourney of the year... with a shiny gavel!
Ooh, were you top P.O.?
I hate my initials.
"Now that is definitely random. What are they?

On another note, I cannot ever spell ""definitely"" correctly.... >.<"
http://www.d-e-f-i-n-i-t-e-l-y.com/
Lol, thanks. That'll help
yeah, I won a top PO gavel, but they also mistallied 3rd sessions scores, and gave my critics choice award to someone else. It was actually really close. The other person got 33.37, and my score showed up as 33.25 when it was supposed to be 33.5. Oh well, stuff happens. They also ran out of awards halfway through, and the judges couldn't figure out how the seating chart worked.
I can't find the TV shows thread, so. Has anybody ever seen the BBC One show Sherlock? My guess is no, because, y'know, BBC, but I was wondering.
"Actually Chia, if you're referring to the new show, then I think I have. Or rather, just the first episode. But seeing as the episodes are really long I think that should count as having seen a good deal of the show.

It was also pretty awesome."
Yeah, apparently the first season (2010) had three 90-minute episodes, or something like that. It sounds like fun, so I put a hold on it in the library just to check it out. As if I'll have time to watch it, though
Most british shows only do 6 episodes a season, so the logic seems to be with 90 minute episodes, to just half that 6 into 3. If you do have time though, its really awesome. The actor for holmes is spot on, I even prefer him to Robert Downey Jr.
The British put America to shame when it comes to making television shows.
I don't think I'd agree with that, check out Community sometime, its fantastic.
"I loved it, Steven Moffat is by far one of the best screen-writers to date
zyzzyva98 wrote:
The British put America to shame when it comes to making television shows.
I'd have to agree with you"
"I love how my feet are still numb from Homecoming last night.

Britain puts America to shame in a lot of ways..."
Hear, hear.
"meh... I personally find their shows a bit lackluster compared to american scifi/drama

since on the topic of TV, has anyone seen suits?"
"Top Gear.

My point is made."
a turtle! nice sig, harryk!
"Turtles are the bomb, though I just realized that the background color alternates so it won't always match
Kokonilly wrote:
RandomPerson wrote:
zyzzyva98 wrote:
The British put America to shame when it comes to making television shows.
I don't think I'd agree with that, check out Community sometime, its fantastic.
Top Gear.

My point is made.
And Doctor Who(which is the longest running scifi show in history)"
"Star Trek.
Your point is null.
harryk wrote:
Turtles are the bomb, though I just realized that the background color alternates so it won't always match
You can try to make the background of your picture transparent."
Last night I learned a productive way to use a frisbee on a college campus.
Our homecoming king and queen are the trombone section leader and the main drum major, respectively. Yay for ticking off the football and dance teams! (Now we truly know who rules the school: the marching band. )
^ Like
I want to join another dance team!
Done.
Top Gear doesn't reflect british tv on a whole...
On another note, I found out that I was a genius today. *insert braggy comment*
"And Community doesn't reflect American TV as a whole.
mingtian wrote:
On another note, I found out that I was a genius today. *insert braggy comment*"
On the other hand, your sense of humility seems to be underdeveloped.
Oh my gosh Harryk!!!! Your signature is AWESOME!!!! The turtle makes it
"I actually like the font he used.

But as a rule of thumb guys, signatures begin to become distracting if they are over 125-150 pixels tall, if you can without taking away anything else, reduce the height of your signature. (Yours is not problematic, I just thought I would use the moment to mention this to others on here)"
Exactly the point I was making on IRC chat
So, at KMHS each student goes on retreat at least once a year. In Junior year, the year which I am in now, they begin the overnight retreat program where students stay on retreat overnight from Thursday night through all day Friday. There are 9 retreat days to choose from. Of course the one retreat day that my math teacher DOESN'T schedule a math test is the Friday my SO team leaves for the Twin Tiers Invitational in Athens, PA which is perhaps one of the best invitational tournaments in all of Science Olympiad! (Thanks Miss Yeager-Hall, you're great and we always love your tournament!) So, it looks like I'm going to have to make up a math test!
← Username.
to be correct i was banned for 2 weeks for non-malicious spamming.

Just pointing that out.
"My SciO coach just said that we might go to an invitational this year! (But we'll have to fundraise, which is something we've never done before, because the school ain't paying for it.)

In other news, going to school for a full day while somewhat sick is not fun. It was, however, made interesting by the fact that I was short on sleep and therefore not exactly clear-minded."
Not sure how this was a correction. I'm glad you're back and that you changed your behavior, but I don't think toleration on the spam levels we saw from users like you in the past should've been tolerated then or now.
How far away is it? We usually pay for all our expenses by having every teammate whose attending pay $20-30 and that covers all the costs, including hotel rooms
Missed the bus today
"Heard the Hallelujah Chorus from Handel's Messiah in 3 different Classes today...
1. We listened to it in a prayer reflection video in Christian Morality
2. We sang it in Chorus
3. We listened to it in Intro. to Music Class

What a coincidence!"
Facebook is evil. It is keeping me from doing my homework.
Fixed.
Emo cupcakes with gothic sprinkles!
So, today was the Science Olympiad informational meeting. I promised myself that if I had the opportunity to go to the informational meeting, I would. Well, I had Field Hockey. See you all next season.
Liv, not being able to go to the first meeting excludes yourself from the rest of the season? That seems quite harsh.
"Wow, your school sounds like mine. I saw your earlier post about having retreats... We have them as well, and we also have to take Christian Morality as a class. And my school's (full) name is abbreviated as KMCCHS, which is similar to KMHS.

Odd."
I wish you the best of luck, I would not have fun in that course.
Haha, I already took it as a freshman. I actually liked it - it was really a lot of philosophy and very basic psychology, rather than strict statements of "you can't do this" or "this is completely wrong." The theology class I'm taking now (we're required to take a certain one each semester) is essentially a college philosophy course. We talk about random things most of the time, though...
"I'm in Iowa right now, on my way to WashU to tour! (We're at a hotel right now.) Iowa has very boring scenery.

Unrelated: My school's requiring that I have the National Merit application done by Friday... I feel really mean to the teacher I asked for a recommendation, because they only told us how to get into the application on Monday and I asked her on Tuesday. At least I have the essay done!"
Iowa doesn't have that boring of scenery. Kansas is the state with the really boring scenery.
Define boring scenery...
"Wyoming
BTW: Koko, I thought you go to MVHS?"
Well... Western Kansas...
Lolwut? I go to Eastview. But I am friends with the Mounds View team.
I had a pet grasshopper for 5 minutes! Guess its name!
"""Friends""

Anywho, virtual fridays because of going to a college tomorrow (Tufts, then MIT on saturday) are awesome."
Wrong! It's name was Interesting.
>.>
Hey, you'll post about both (especially Tufts, because I've heard some good things about it but don't know much else), yeah?
"If you would like me to do so then sure.
If you're interested in engineering schools, I've also toured and visited Cornell, WPI, Clarkson, and RPI."
'Tis official...our SO team has over 150 members and 9 teams made up of just our schools will be going to Regionals...dang, I pity my coach. At least I know I'll probably be on top team...though our junior high school only has two teams anyways, so our middle school gets the remaining seven. Such a fair ratio, don't you think? 7 to 2...
Oh, lol
"I beg to differ. When I was there in June, it was breathtaking. Of course, I was at the foot of the Bighorns, not in the middle of the state, which was very monotonous.
Also, still waiting on Pottermore."
My random comment of the day is.... VIVE LA FRANCE!
MY DRC is we finally had a nice day
"I feel the need to explain my signature.
While I was in Vermont, staying at a very nice hotel, my sister enjoyed a few strips of apple-smoked bacon for breakfast. We later decided to go down to the game room of the hotel, and we found that the doors were locked. We asked a nearby employee to flip the switch for us (in case there was a reason that it was dark in there) and he agreed. He was very nice, and to our surprise, Irish. He spoke in a whimsical brogue, and seemed to be about in his fifties, with gray hair but no wrinkles.
He turned on the lights for us, and turned to exit the room. Then he did a double take, stared at my sister, and said:
""I saw you eating BACON yesterday. It was apple-smoked; wasn't it good?""
This was incredibly creepy, but he had a point- apple-smoked bacon rules."
"Anderson, don't talk out loud, you lower the IQ of the entire street."
"On scioly during school while supposed to be doing research...I'm such a rule breaker.
In other news, Geneva is...hard...to research compared to some other countries."
Geneva isn't a country...
"Wow forever... And I thought you were smart O.o
TheGenius, what she meant was Genovia"
"Click Here For The Most Exciting Time Of Your Life!!!
and make sure your computer isn't muted"
I am having computer trouble. A website I am using for a school project is asking to save information on the computer that I am using, and I can't click allow or deny on the message that pops up ("Adobe Flash Player Settings Local Storage"). Is there anything that can be done to allow me to click allow, deny, or prevent the message from appearing? Other information that might be useful is that I am using a Mac.
"You can try disabling Adobe Flash Player while you're on that website, although that might break parts (such as videos) or all of the website (if the site designers were weird).

In other news, Bing has an animated home page. I've been watching it for hours."
How would you do that (Computers are not my specialty.)?
That would depend on what browser you are using. And since it's most likely Safari or Firefox (as you're on a Mac), I would have no clue how to either.
I KNOW RIGHT?!?! IT'S AMAAAAZING. I wish I could have that as my comp wallpaper...
Finally saw the full Santa Clara Vanguard show, and the closer is easily one of the best of the year, from what I've seen.
"ITS THE END OF THE WORLD AS WE KNOW IT!!!!!!!
OMG
R.E.M. BROKE UP!!!!!!!
GRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR"
"I use chrome on a Mac?

I love the animation for Bing
It just proves Bing's awesomeness."
Geneva is the second most populated city in Switzerland... That is research
I believe the majority of Mac users have Safari or Firefox.
safari is bad
Safari isn't too bad, however I hate Firefox for some reason... I tried it out, and I hated it. So, I switched back to Chrome because it's so beast
POTTERMORE!!!
Wow, are you one of the last beta testers to get in? It's been about a month after I got my welcome email... But congrats!
I still haven't gotten my email!
How do you get past the beginning of chapter 5?
Have you bought all the required supplies on the list?
If I remember correctly, you might need to find the shopping list and add it to your trunk/collect it before you can move on. I'm pretty sure you need to zoom in somewhere to find it.
When does pottermore open to the public?
"October.
EDIT: Where do I find the list of supplies?
EDIT2: Got it.
My wand: Elm with dragon core, twelve and a half inches, unyielding."
"Most people are doing countries. I know it's a canton and city, fourth most expensive in the world. Shush, Genius and illusion. We're allowed to do geographical places, and not specific laboratories, which is why I'm doing Geneva, because CERN is supposedly located more in Geneva than on the border.
Hush, all of you."
Wooooo Slytherin!
You said "other countries", implying that you thought Geneva was a country.
So that makes three of us.
Hufflepuff... representin'... yeah... oh screw this, I'm getting another account when it opens to the public
"Honestly, I was a little disappointed, but Slytherin is cool. I mean, Merlin was a Slytherin...
Anyway, we all have to friend each other on Pottermore."
"Four, Randy. You, me, naps, and forever.

Slytherin is in no way as awful as it's generally painted to be. It's the house of ambition - not just knowledge like Ravenclaw - but using that knowledge."
"AlphaTauri wrote:
RandomPerson wrote:
paleonaps wrote:
Wooooo Slytherin!
So that makes three of us.
Four, Randy. You, me, naps, and forever.

Slytherin is in no way as awful as it's generally painted to be. It's the house of ambition - not just knowledge like Ravenclaw - but using that knowledge.
My second choice was Slytherin, but considering that I just wrote an entire personal narrative about learning something for absolutely no practical purpose (and even complained that attaching grades to something makes it inherently less interesting), I think I belong firmly in Ravenclaw. Go learning for the sake of learning!"
"Naps, Alpha, what's your Pottermore username?
Or hey, shouldn't we make a new list of people on Pottermore?
I'll start:
foreverphysics (Patronuserised177)"
Bit late to be commenting on this, but side note: Who knew school dances could actually be tons of fun?
I went to a sweet sixteen on Friday night, and I have to say- it was fun.
"*raises hand* I was convinced of this after Homecoming last year.

And I hate stressful AP USH projects. At least I like studying immigration in the 1880s..."
Already did. Good for you though.
"ugh
don't remind me
we have graduation this year... i will never wear a dress..."
And on that note: Who knew that anything relating to relationships could be so pointless in high school.
"social life gauge
people who have never heard of scioly: normal social ife
people who have heard of scioly:slightly lacking in life
people who have used scioly: very little life
scioly member: failure at social life
scioly posting game members: failure at life the universe and every thing.
scioly chat member: what this social thing I keep hearing about?
quad & Z:ineffeble failure at anything social"
Fix'd.
"I'm really hating college apps.

That is all."
I didn't mind College apps, it was the scholarship apps that I hated. Than again, I only filled out one college app. Thankfully I was accepted to that college.
"Guess what.
I am still at school.
Not that I really mind..."
We had the first violinist (formerly the violist) and backup assistant conductor from the 25th Anniversary National Tour of Les Mis come in and speak to us today in orchestra. And he's a graduate from my school, too! What's really strange is that he was in the pit for our school production of Les Mis 7 years ago...
To bad trumpets are best!
i got my pottermore welcome email, but it is SO SO SLOW... I can't even get to sorting, only my gateway
So apparently I got inducted into a cult tonight...
Details would be much obliged.
"Ugh, I totally agree with you on that. I'm dreading starting the Common App supplements...
kjhsscioly wrote:
i got my pottermore welcome email, but it is SO SO SLOW... I can't even get to sorting, only my gateway
They're having some serious problems dealing with all of this traffic.

On a side note, I have become addicted to silly songs about British and world history (but mostly British)."
i did actually get through sorting (finally)... not hard to predict my placement
It was NHS, but it completely felt like a cult because everyone was holding candles and we were writing our names in a book. Plus, I was wearing all black, and that didn't help.
"Supplements are going to KILL me.
zyzzyva98 wrote:
It was NHS, but it completely felt like a cult because everyone was holding candles and we were writing our names in a book. Plus, I was wearing all black, and that didn't help.
NHS, the single biggest joke in high school-ish. Our school got rid of the cult-like atmosphere. Now only the presidents hold candles and sure don't write in books.

At least you weren't wearing white."
"Yep.
zyzzyva98 wrote:
It was NHS, but it completely felt like a cult because everyone was holding candles and we were writing our names in a book. Plus, I was wearing all black, and that didn't help.
Hahaha, NHS induction is HILARIOUS. We were all wearing blue and black robes for the occasion, the officers were all holding candles, and the lights were down in the auditorium. It would have seemed a lot more solemn if we non-inductees weren't bored out of their skulls; we eventually got to debating Lennon vs. McCartney in the back (not that I personally did that during last year's induction )."
How has your school inducted NHS members already? My school doesn't even announce inductees until mid-October
What's NHS?
"National Honors Society.
My comment:
HAIL TO THEKING!"
Fix'd. -_- Our adviser is very insistent that it is 'honor' in the singular - like, you know, the value. The irony is that our NHS vice president has been accused of cheating and there isn't that much honor in our chapter...
joy
"I believe I am starting to live at school, since I am STILL THERE.
It's going to be 7:30 before I leave..."
Don't worry tomorrow I'll be at school from 7:30 am - 10 pm
"Littleboy, I'm in 8th grade.
Just to make a point.
I'm positive that as soon as I start high school...(10th grade, so two more years)"
Oh, I definitely live at school when SciO season is in full swing. Don't worry.
I've stayed at school until midnight before? In middle school?
"But it's just Robotics...so...is it really worth staying that late?
It's not even Science Bowl."
"Oh yes, in the weeks before state I'll be at school till 6-7 usually and the last week usually 9-10
I think the latest I've been at school, on purpose and without planning, was about 1:30am(trying to get Mission Possible to work)"
we finally got roster and events assigned... what a relief
Interesting, for us that's usually where the stress begins. We fail. >.<
"If you can call it that.

I have to start writing my story for Satire, but I'm not sure where to start... Oh well, I sometimes work best under pressure when it comes to writing assignments anyway. Procrastination all the way."
"Oh my god this is a celebration ohhhh myyy gaaawd
I think I'm Based God"
Took the SAT yesterday. Bombed.
"Heh, we're still waiting for the Boyceville Invitational event schedule to come out. Then we can get down to business assigning events and such.
EASTstroudsburg13 wrote:
Interesting, for us that's usually where the stress begins. We fail. >.<
Also where the fun begins."
"Lol, my friend showed me Wonton Soup yesterday and............ O.o
That's all I can say"
"I have decided my English teacher is a bipolar editor.

I don't believe he can actually grade papers."
"Aw, that's unfortunate. Are you a senior? I took it yesterday too, and that was my last chance...
Luo wrote:
kjhsscioly wrote:
we finally got roster and events assigned... what a relief
Heh, we're still waiting for the Boyceville Invitational event schedule to come out. Then we can get down to business assigning events and such.
EASTstroudsburg13 wrote:
Interesting, for us that's usually where the stress begins. We fail. >.<
Also where the fun begins."
I'm a junior, so I have another chance! But still... I practiced a ton during the summer, and scored decently. I absolutely froze up during the test. :/
Backpain.
what do you mean we fail?
Meaning: we (as in pronoun indicating myself and others in my team) fail (as in do not succeed). Maybe if we make states and do relatively well, that can change. This is where you come in.
"AAAAAHHHH!
Oh. My. God.
CERN broke physics!!!
THey have achieved faster than light travel...
AAAAAAHHHHHHHH!!!
http://www.telegraph.co.uk/science/8782 ... light.html
And for all you British-loving people:
http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/science-environment-15017484"
Weeeee, I had a fun day at school. We were in lock-down for 4 hours, then we were sent home. But, they forgot to dismiss two classrooms that ended up missing the bus. My school is interesting
"Haha, those news are a bit old.

On a side note, I am drastically cutting down on my Internet browsing time to finish these gosh darn college apps. Adios, chat!"
If that is confirmed, it is really going to mess up science fiction.
Just upgraded to a gigabit LAN card. Never expected that it would make this much of a difference!
Wow, my computer is so slow. 8 bytes per second.
"Why do you need so much bandwidth? Streaming 50 HD videos at once?
mingtian wrote:
Wow, my computer is so slow. 8 bytes per second.
If your internet connection was that slow, it would take at least 50 minutes to load this page. Not including pictures."
This computer is slow.
wow your computer is slow. i got this
Don't need it, but might as well make use of what I have! I can download a full length HD movie in about a minute. I didn't really need to upgrade my old 100 mbps card, but if I have these speeds available...I'm going to take advantage of them!
Gah, why do colleges have such good bandwith? I can't wait to ditch my 5Mb/s dsl
I just checked and this is the fastest of 4 computers in my house.
It's your internet connection speed, not your computer.
I have successfully managed to render another operating system on my computer completely useless (three cheers for lost Bitlocker keys). I really hope Microsoft doesn't decide to end the Windows Dev Preview anytime soon.

ouch
Is this some kind of fad now? Guess I'll join in too
"Lol. I blame you Kansas.

So, this is the connection speed next to ""Somewhere Over the Rainbow"""
"...Wow...I hate this computer...good thing it's not the one I normally use...
This is my sister's sucky one. The one without Chrome. The one with the ANCIENT IE. And the one with a 4.0 Mbps Internet connection."
"what do you mean this is where i come in? do you mean i study more this year? cause i am no the only one you should be telling this to!

have i ever mentioned how much i hate my school's firewall? it wont even let me access that speedtest.net mainpage"
I don't use contractions.
Watching middle schoolers for an ethnography project is... interesting.
"And why exactly would you subject yourself to that kind of torture just for Psych class?

In other news, I'm not even sure our middle school has a SciO team anymore..."
Fix'd. Fail stalker fails. But it's fascinating! ...I was also mistaken for a middle schooler twice today. >.>
Wait, you aren't B division?
No, I'm not, and I wish I could say that you're the first person to say that... -_-
"Then what is that??
Don't worry koko I get mistaken for my brother who is in college all the time."
So uhh...I just fell in love with Fermi. Finally my math skillz will be put to good use in Sci Oly.
"He's dead.



He's dead!"
"Who's dead?



Who's dead?"
"RIP Steve Jobs. I wasn't fond of Apple computers, but there's something to be said for the iPod and iPhone, both of which revolutionized portable music and cell phones, respectively.

EDIT: And if you guys flame him/his computers, I just want to say that that's in really bad taste. He's still someone who died, and we should respect him for what he's done in the technology field."
Steve Jobs
"Huh, I swear you said that was for Psych... *goes to dig through logs*

Oh, I see. You were talking about Psych beforehand, so I assumed you were still talking about Psych >.>

Lesson of the day: Never assume anything, because it makes an...uh, I'll stop there."
RIP Steve Jobs.
And not only his technological advancements, but his business genius created one of the strongest companies in the world. His attention to detail and high standards of quality made Apple the computer supergiant that it is today
"I was never a big fan of Macs, until I discovered Garage Band and iMovie. The iPod was just sheer genius too.

RIP Steve Jobs. You will always be a boss in my world."
"I am a hardcore Microsoft fanboy, but Jobs has definetly become an icon in the world of computing. His designs, leadership, and decisions were unique and innovative. (And you can't talk about Jobs without mentioning his amazing ability to deliver a great powerpoint presentation)

R.I.P. Steve Jobs"
Wow. Complete Ditto.
Let's not forget his role in Pixar as well.
Yay, our school had its second lockdown in three days... Apparently a "hit list" was found today, compared to the rather vague threat of "student retaliation" that was found on Tuesday. And guess what? We were on CNN!! (idk if that's a good thing)
For that? Not a good thing.
"Steve Jobs was an extraordinary man. Extraordinary. Although I am a PC fan, I will concede two things about Macs:
1. They are works of art. Every line and curve, the aesthetics of the OS, the sounds they don't make. Absolute immersion.

More importantly for me:
2. They make movie editing extremely easy. I have been making videos for as long as I can remember, and last year I had the privilege of taking a video class at school, in which we used Macs. When I started using a DSLR, the Macs couldn't really handle the large files, but music editing and file transfer were amazing. The programs available for every step of the film process were incredibly easy to use and powerful.

My iPhone saved me at Nationals. See my post in last year's thread.

Steve Jobs, rest in peace and God bless (I'm an atheist, so that means a whole lot)."
You know those Mac commercials with the "I'm a Mac, and I'm a PC" thing? Well, I'm a PC, and I usually express my dislike for Macs, but that doesn't mean that Steve Jobs hasn't made PC's, and as a byproduct in the process, the world better. Without the brilliant innovation and genius marketing tactics of Apple, Microsoft would be nowhere near where they are today. Without the conpetetion, the drastic forward strides of the last 30 years in technology as a whole would have never happened. Steve Jobs, you truly created the 21st century as we know it. R.I.P
"49ers you may begin your research on optics: NOW!
(yea! i started working on this in the last 10 minutes.)

And steve jobs... wish he could still be here... i am going to miss having new products to test with friends to try for glitches. now they will always have them..."
"Just read how in Walter Issac's last interview, Jobs made it evident that he knew his time was running out
And for those of you who didn't know, he invented one of the most common computer accessories; the mouse"
No... Not at all...
Well, maybe invent is not the right word, but he was the first one to actually make it work for the general computing public; before the original Macintosh in 1984, the mouse was a very expensive accessory reserved for those who could afford it and the special computers that could utilize it
I am steadily learning all of the kings and queens in England in chronological order. See, it's not that I don't have homework... I'm just not doing it.
supposed to be in marching band!
"So, Robotics competition is tomorrow...
Wish me luck. We'll need it...especially since this is our first year, and we're going against some reigning champions.
Getting up at 5 am. Yippee...I know I get up that early for every single Science Olympiad competition. Shush, all of you."
How can you even go to sleep? I am like on high nerves all night.. Especially for our first competition
Oh how I love the weather here in Colorado, I wake up today and it is snowing.
"Senior pictures were today! It was a lovely sunny day, so I think they'll turn out all right.

And Sweetcoop: that's alarming."
Eh not to alarming, about mid September, Pikes Peak, here in Colorado Springs had snow on it.
"Two startling things happened today:

I came one ballot away from medaling at my first debate tournament of the year

I thought, ""You know, Friday doesn't actually really sound that bad anymore""

One of these is clearly more alarming than the other and warrants immediate attention."
"Snow is AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!
I'll trade places with you koko if you don't like where you live
EDIT: This hotel needs to really get its internet issues fixed http://www.speedtest.net/result/1524520904.png"
Don't complain. I sometimes have 8bytes/s.
World History test tomorrow
Hmmm... Pacific Northwest with too much rain or Minnesota with too much cold? I'd gladly trade the former for the latter. Here, take the snow and the -30-degree days when I still have to go to school (which, thankfully, hasn't happened yet this school year). >.>
Doubt that. 8 bytes/s=64 bits/s...you wouldn't be able to load anything. Consider that dial-up is 56,000 bits/s...
Celebrate Columbus Day by going to someone's house and telling them that you live there now!
"Haha, we were going to base our AP World shirt off of something like that.
Btw, the mobile site looks great on my phone (three cheers for the designers)."
Haha, I was too busy celebrating Canadian Thanksgiving today to do that.
No, I own Canada now and you will celebreate Columbus Day.
No t_strike, I own YOU NOW AND YOU MUST CELEBRATE ExNx DAY!!!!!!
Yep, the school laptops are messed up. I can still surf though. My download speed now though is 12Mbps
"I feel obliged to say this: Canada is America's hat (Alaska notwithstanding).

In other news, I had the best youth symphony rehearsal ever on Monday:
1. While cuing a big chord, our director accidentally hit her stand, which fell with a loud crash and sent things flying. The assistant conductor (who works at the school we were rehearsing at) then complained, ""You come here, you break my stuff...""
2. Our conductor was trying to get the brass section to cresc to a note, and made the analogy of driving through a closed, confining forest as it suddenly opens into a wide open space. When we all gave her blank stares, she said, ""Hasn't that ever happened to any of you?"" My response? ""I can't drive.""
3. In the middle of a quiet section, all of a sudden, we hear this loud ""whack"" and all jump. Turns out my friend smacked a bug on her stand with her shoe. I was laughing for a good 5 minutes on the ride home."
Alaska is the puffball on the top of the hat
I bruised my calculator screen.
"If I had a loonie for every time someone has said that to me... >_>

Anyway, if we're a hat, we're definitely a tuque."
PSAT tomorrow!
PSAT today!
"harryk wrote:
PSAT today!
yes! i dont have to do anything at all in school today becasue of the PSATs which i forgot to sign up for!"
My german class was so empty... there was 5 people
Wow. Congratulations. Shouldn't you be working on Anatomy & Physiology right now?
"Most of my school has PSATs on saturday, but the ""alternate"" date was today. I went to another school to take it, since saturday is not an option.

On another note, the computer I am using is flickering every time I type a letter"
PSATs are quite fun to take. Sitting around afterwards waiting for the school to release you isn't.
I only missed band and math. And since I;m in 8th grade, I actually did miss something. Oh well. The PSAT was fun.
"Last night, our band went to the Missouri Western State Tournament of Champions and was named Grand Champion for the third year running. :D So excited.

Not only that, but I was awarded third place in the ""Most Outstanding Solo"" category for the entire competition. :D So excited.

Not only that, we got back past 11 o'clock that night and had to get up for the PSAT's today. :/ So tired."
So repetitive. Are you going to BOA? My school will be there.
"Nope, we don't do BOA. In terms of skill, we're probably in that awkward zone when we're much better than most high school bands but still not good enough for BOA.

And, hey, I didn't put smilies in my post. Why are they in that quote? >:P"
Congrats. I was also there. You guys were really good and deserved first. My band won our class (3A) and was fifth overall.
Congrats to you, too. We saw a few 3A shows but must have just missed yours to go warm up.
"Oh, I see. Usually we don't go to BOA, but we're slightly better this year than we have been in previous years (and for other reasons I don't know) we're going this year. And by 'we' I mean 'my school'; I quit guard to go to Asia.

EDIT: On an unrelated note, my friend told me this joke today:
Q: What do you get when you cross a derivative with a dinosaur?
A: A velocityraptor!

I was laughing for way too long."
WIN.
For anyone who's interested, I found a gameboy emulator that is online. http://grantgalitz.org/gamecenter/
That's kind of unremarkable (sorry but I've been dealing with emulators for years) and borderline not posting material, emulators are still in the grey area of law.
I have a Gameboy emulator on both of my calculators.
Filler
actually i have been working on optics for a while. you know if you actually read some of my posts on our page, you would know that.
If you stayed off of General Chat, you could do more.
scary tryouts in a sec
Anyone know any social issues that aren't "well known"? I need to write a bill for debate, but I am totally drawing a blank. The best idea I have to date is a mandatory retirement age, to open up job markets.
"IRL Trolling: Make a piece of legislation that says obese people have to use the parking spots furthest away from buildings. That legislation came up for us last year.

My favorite, favorite resolution, however, is one that states ""Be it resolved that criminals on death row should have their sentence changed to life imprisonment with no parole if they volunteer to be organ donors"""
"Now that might actually solve some problems

In other things, I finally ordered my stuff for robot arm but first invitational is in less than 3 weeks"
Oh, I forgot, today one of our drum majors was named to the Army All-American Band. That's one really good trombone player right there.
Yeah but doing that is no fun!
So... Scioly meetings start up on Mondays, and I've never been more excited.
ours start thursday..so psyched!
Seriously? Which invitational is that?
That would be the Cy-Falls Invitational (On November 5th), and my school only got the rules on Tuesday near the end of practice which leaves me with only a couple weekends for all of my building events. I at least hope to get my Mission Possible and Keep The Heat devices ready (I don't have enough time to get Bottle Rockets ready.).
"Toad style is immensely strong, and immune to nearly any weapon.
When it's properly used, it's almost invincible."
"That reminds me of the last thing I learned in Stats: ""The manatee is a peaceful, friendly sea mammal. It is inquisitive, slow-moving, and often studied by attractively bearded wildlife biologists.""

...I actually can't remember anything else I've learned in Stats for the last week."
And they get hit by powerboats, which makes for a great Stats class example because there's a linear correlation between powerboat registrations and number of manatees hit! Or sommat like that.
Yeah district choir auditions! I get to get home really late though. Then tomorrow I get to go run at my conference's cross country meet, (must beat EASTstroudsburg13!) and that is after doing nothing in school because of PAML. (6 math questions and its so much fun)
"I feel that Alaska is actually a moose antler, and the other antler is part of canada (under the hat)
Just how I see it
CANADA HAT FTW!"
"So I'm observing a middle school for an ethnography, right? Well, after class I'm sitting in the hallway (it's very open; they have couches out and stuff) and this girl comes up to me, saying ""You're supposed to go home now, not just sit there writing.""

It took me a split second to understand her implication, but I smiled and said ""Okay"". She kept watching me, though, so I got up and walked in the vague direction of a locker so that she would go away.

-_-

Number of times I've been mistaken for a middle schooler in this assignment: 3."
Hey, that's the same number of times I was mistaken for a middle schooler at state last April. Fun fun. I've lost count of how many times people have mistaken me for a freshman...
"At Boyceville, I was mistaken for a middle schooler twice. Fun fun fun indeed.

First day of high school: ""Are you sure you're in the right building? The middle and elementary schools are down the road.""

Sigh."
I have the opposite problem. When I was actually a middle schooler, someone thought I was sixteen. Sometimes when I play with my little sister, people think I'm her father.
"Ha.
That's funny."
Well, to be fair to whoever that was, you were a 7th grader age-wise on your first day of high school, so you would've looked like a middle schooler. Elementary school, though...
This reminds me of someone I know... when he was in 7th grade, he had a full grown beard. He probably could have gotten into a bar...
"So far eventful day at school
8:45- Power goes out, sort of... It like half went out; my teacher's lamp was still on but now dim
8:55- Announcement that there is a power outage and we'll be in a holding pattern for now
9:05- Fire alarm goes off, and everyone evacuates the school; fire trucks out front, presumably an electrical fire
9:25- Everyone goes back inside, but power is still out; still in holding power but in 3rd period now
10:35- They just announced that we will be moving to 4th at 10:45 and CenterPoint is on scene trying to fix it as fast as they can

I hope this means I don't have to take my Chem AP test

Update: Power just returned, and instead of taking the test, my chem teacher is letting us play outside"
"Someone at my school thought my older brother (who has always been absurdly tall) was 30. When he was 16. Yeah... He gets mistaken for being my father, too, or sometimes even worse. >_> It made for some fun times when we competed in events together.

harryk, I didn't have school today or yesterday. And I don't have it Friday."
I don't have school on Thursday and Friday.
screw you bus driver..making me wait 1 hour in the morning in the frigid cold...and that was 2 days ago and my hands are still frozen and deathly cold....
How cold is frigid cold?
"That's my usual state of affairs when the temperature outside drops below 75 degrees. Can't live without gloves in the winter...
Is it just us in Illinois, or did it go from 75 to 55 just like that in the past week?"
One day 75, the next day 55.
"lolwut? 75 to 55 is news?

*puts on air of Kansas weather superiority*"
pug gif, couldn't resist.
Is that a picture of starpug when he sees spam (or me)
"Is that because of parent-teacher conferences? That's why we don't have school Friday. Hooray for actually getting sleep this week!
zyzzyva98 wrote:
lolwut? 75 to 55 is news?

*puts on air of Kansas weather superiority*
^This. Of course, Calgarian weather is like that, too. 81 degrees one moment and snow the next? Yes, please."
...It's freaking over 80 degrees here. Still.
"not you...it's the temperature >.<

and thegenius, it's like you can see your breath...and up here, it's like dew in the morning..but ice >.<"
Nope, it's because the annual Education Minnesota Professional Conference takes place on a Thursday and Friday each October, giving all Minnesota public school students a four-day weekend (five-day weekend for me, because my school district is awesome ).
Lol, that was exactly what I thought when I saw it =P
prove a boeing 747 is not alive
"I got last Friday off, so I'm at peace with that. I'm just glad to have some sleep and some time to do something besides college applications, such as leaving the house for something non-academic. Yeah... that would be nice.

Also, quiz bowl started today, and the first competition is next week! State, then nationals for that, hopefully."
"NEXT WEEK?

Is this Minnesota High School league, or some other invitational?"
I haven't the faintest idea, but we're competing at Burnsville next week. It seems like an ordinary competition (I think a smallish thing; you guys probably won't be there).
Well sence we are talking about getting off of school, I had school of last Thursday, Friday and Monday.
Man nothing interesting ever happens at my school. But I do forget to do my homework all the time (biology outline due in an hour and a half. freaking out right now.)
"So far, my day off from school has consisted of:

Showing up at school at 8:30.
Working on newspaper till 10:30.
Taking an AP Micro test.
Working on newspaper again.

So much for ""vacation."""
Haverstall You Noob, Just Kidding these forums aren't as active as you say they are
Think about that logically. Everyone is in school. Except for us.
True but many of the comments have month gaps between, It'll pick up later after state and nationals
Is it a Minnesotan thing to say 'state'? I say 'state', but I've noticed other people saying 'states'. After all, 'state' is inconsistent with 'regions' and 'nats'.
http://scioly.org/phpBB3/viewtopic.php? ... w=viewpoll
Didn't know it was possible to get kicked out of a class for farting.
Well, I've seen that; I was just wondering if it was a regional thing. Because, you know, we have a disproportionate number of Minnesotans on the forums...
I guess it's "state competition" or "states" for a hipster abbreviation. Don't know what "regions" is, try another term. :P
"GOOOOOO CARDINALS!

OHWAI-

No one cares about baseball."
It's better than football.
Au contraire.
"SAT SCORES COME OUT IN TWELVE HOURS.
Why am I making such a big deal? D:"
"I hate Alabama weather.
One day it is over 80 degrees.
The next night it's 35.
What is wrong with the South?"
I would honestly like to see the Cardinals win since the Mets are not in.
Yet again I will say Colorado is worse. Have you ever had it rain, snow and be sunny at the same time in a stretch of land less that 1/2 mile? I have, it was awesome.
Actually, we have, but for today's purposes let's mock the Alabamaionian (that's right, isn't it?) who thinks that Alabama weather is weird. Lol. >_>
Where to begin... Just kidding.
"Wrong. It's spelled ""Alabamian"". And I'm not really Alabamian...I just happen to live there. Although you have to admit, spring and fall here are really, really pretty and nice.
And then you have the people who live for the days when they can legally throw toilet paper over trees and buildings. Apparently, I live in the only city in the US that has ""cleaning toilet paper from trees, buildings, and traffic lights"" as part of the city budget. However, you have to admit, throwing toilet paper all over trees is fun."
Filler
2290 on SAT! Yeaaaaaboy
"Nice job Teal!

Ultimate frisbee with my Cross Country team is intense, even though the seniors just destroyed the underclassmen... (Sigh)"
Haha beat you by 10 pts teal . Like 2 more months till the next invitational. I really want it to be earlier.
"6th graders are just as capable as 8th graders for most events, even Optics...and our state as a whole wasn't too hot in that event, in any case.
Teal wrote:
2290 on SAT! Yeaaaaaboy
Very nice. Admissions counselors will be dying to meet you. They're weird like that."
"Careful what you wish for.
How would you like to have to compete on November 5 at the CyFalls Invitational? *shudder* We'd be creamed."
We compete the week after that >_> Not that it's a good tournament...
Do teams even have anything built at that point?
Hey, Montana has their State Tournament on November 22. Talk about brutal.
That is brutal, but hey, they only run it with 14 events. http://www.montana.edu/wwwmtso/10_c_scores.pdf Interesting how they mark attendance right there on the score sheet.
They also use backwards scoring. High score wins.
"Yeah... We are never ready for CyFalls, but neither is anyone else
I have nothing built yet, I'm still waiting for some robot arm parts to come(and the processor for it is scheduled to come the week of)"
I can't believe this thread is still going on... on the old board, it started in 2001 (in May, I believe...)
Is this the longest active thread on scioly right now? I can't think of any others off the top of my head.
If I remember correctly, there was a religion thread on the old board that was slightly older and went on for the same amount of time this thread was active. If that is here too, then this would be the second oldest... if not, then yes it is!
I do believe this would be the oldest *active* one. I haven't seen any posts get in-depth about religion since around the time I joined the board (and I have no problem with that at all)
"All corn waves are also grain waves.
All grain lasers use grain waves.
Billy has a grain laser.

Does Billy's laser use corn waves?
A.) Definitely
B.) Possibly
C.) Definitely Not
D.) Impossible to determine

From the xkcd forums."
"C definityly not his grain laser might use corn waves this just says his laser. laser is actually an acronym Light Amplification by Stimulated Emission of Radiation

you started it right, all hail PAweatherguy (I am a scioly historian)"
Let's compare this to AL, shall we? Our states are in March. Guess how many events they run for Division C? Seven. Here, look: http://216.186.205.33/scienceolympiad/p ... sC2011.pdf. Montana ain't got nothin' on us.
"I would say the answer is possibly because his laser could use corn waves, but the given information does not preclude the use of any other type of waves. Two supporting reasons:
1. Corn waves may not be the only type of waves which are also grain waves.
2. The laser is never specified to only use grain waves and other types of waves which are defined as grain waves (ie corn waves), and could also run on other classes of waves despite being called a grain laser."
Add the following stipulation: All grain waves are amber waves. Does the laser fire amber waves of grain?
Also take into account the fact that not only are there few events, but the states competition is based on the previous years material. AKA, while you are all studying stuff for the 2012 season, Montana will be testing with 2011 material.
Why do you love Science olympiad?
"On another note, have you guys heard of the chemical compound Dihydrogen Monoxide? Please help ban this horrible chemical for the safety of the WORLD. It is a very dangerous chemical, but the government is lying about Dihydrogen Monoxide's harmful effects.

http://www.dhmo.org/"
It's true. I have actually experienced the dangers of Dihydrogen Monoxide. Banished, it must be.
I KNOW! I'm a die-hard advocate of removing dihydrogen monoxide from our system. This chemical is one of the most common in many industrial factories. And the amount of damage it does as factories pour this boiling chemical into oceans is breathtaking. It wipes out whole ecosystems. And the number of children that die from this omnipresent chemical? Far too many. I can't believe that the gov't still allows this chemical to be used here. It's disgusting.
I have also experienced it. It is a terrible thing. Lets ban it before it takes over any more of the world and our bodies. To prove its effects, I used to have something in my signature saying that like 96% of people are allergic to it.
Not to mention the fact that scientists are predicting in 100 years, that the levels of DHMO will increase and cause a ton of crap to happen to our environment.
"DHMO related causes claim the lives of millions of lives a year.

Did you know that 100% of deaths are fatal?"
"WOW.

DHMO is the worst joke EVER.

For people who don't know, DHMO = H2O

There's ""gullible"" written on the ceiling."
You're no fun EFO
Wow, really? Way to be a party-pooper.......
"https://docs.google.com/document/d/15QG ... t?hl=en_US

I even had that"
"WOW 706 pages. I am officially blown away.

First day of 79 degree weather down here in Miami...super happy, but it's kinda cold...brr...putting on my sweater"
I feel stupid now...this thing started 3 yrs ago....
"79 degrees is cold...?

I took the ACT this morning... Taking five tests is not fun when you haven't had enough sleep."
Speaking of which, 0:18
"@FullMetalMaple

Yeah, if you live in Alaska...and maybe it isn't exactly cold, but it's definitely nice weather....I think the right word is cool..."
Oh, snap, I meant cold. Not hot. Sorry, I'll go fix that.
In our gifted English class gullible is actually written on the ceiling,
So... bridge is pretty fun.
Yeah essays! *sarcasm* I have so many essays to type right now it's ridiculous. (And I almost wrote write instead of right)
"lolwut, I won outstanding soloist again at our marching festival last night. I think someone's trolling me.

Related: I took the ACT yesterday, I think, but I've completely forgotten about it due to said marching festival."
"Strangely enough, I've forgotten about it as well... All I remember is my hand turning blue in the middle of reading. Oh, and congrats on outstanding soloist, I guess?

I can't remember if taking the writing test delays your scores or not. I really hope it doesn't. >_>"
"Nice job on soloist award!

So I have a test right now that I didn't even know about (or I just didn't remember ) so I get to see how well I know budget preparation."
Our school had 13 people qualify for district chorus this year. One less than last year, but still. And it doesn't conflict with Athens this year.
I am debating between learning Mandarin Chinese or Japanese.
My guess is chinese has a better chance of being useful, but I think Japanese would be more fun.
Pretty much what the guy above me said. If you like business or Chinese food, Chinese may be more useful to you. If you like import games, Japanese would be more useful to you. Note that if you don't have a special interest in Japanese culture, the language is otherwise mostly useless.
"Ahem.

I take offense to that. <-----somewhat fluent in Japanese.

It all depends on what you want to do. I learn Japanese because at some point, I hope to either work or teach there, and I don't want to have to deal with the pollution in China's cities. Plus, The Japanese are incredibly greener than China, So the environmental factors also affected my language choices. I guess it all boils down to what you want to do. And no, Japanese is definitely NOT limited to import games. In fact, Japan regularly looks for American English speaking people to come to japan and integrate into the scientific community. But if you plan on staying put in the US, and not travel to the far east, then Chinese is your best bet."
"Sorry, my assessment was near-sighted. Still, that's the perk that generally attracts the most students to studying the language (go to a Japanese class and ask the students why they're there; eventually, many will confess to a hidden love of anime and Jpop).
I would argue, though, about the science part. To be able to read graduate level texts in Japanese, you would need to have better than baseline fluency and stick with it longer than a year. Unless that's not what you were getting at. I mean, to just attend a research conference overseas, all you would need to get by would be a few months and some language tapes. Actually having studied the language would serve you better, naturally."
Quite true. However, you would be surprised how much upper level research is actually conducted in English. I have some friends over there right now studying at Hosei University(Think Ivy League of Japan), and quite a large portion of their classes are actually taught in English. That one threw me for a loop.
Windows XP is now a decade old. Anyone still using it is undisputably a dinosaur.
Your daily random comment is laugh out loud funny!
Not really, it was released in 2001, only 10 years ago and is still okay to use.
As much as I don't wanna buy XP's obsolescence, it's upon us. It either has lost support from MS or will soon; I'm not sure which. Nevertheless, that OS is proof that old is not bad. XP is the reason reception for Vista was poor-ish.
I use XP... I got my computer about two years ago.
"Screw both languages. English is all you need. You are forced to learn English in China and Japan, which making Americans learning either language pointless.

Just sayin', it's easier to learn English than Chinese or Japanese."
Working on Science Olympiad notes for Optics- my brain hurts!
Sleep deprivation...yippee! School's always more fun when you're sleep deprived...
Kokosaurus?
"Lol, nice one =P
But XP is amazing...
illusionist XP"
its faster than 7, it has easter eggs, can run most of the programs 7 can, and doesn't has as much annoy security stuff that makes programming take twice as long. 7 is better but not by too much.
"I can't create a decent portmanteau of your name. (illusiosarus?)
quadratic wrote:
TheGenius wrote:
Windows XP is now a decade old. Anyone still using it is undisputably a dinosaur.
its faster than 7, it has easter eggs, can run most of the programs 7 can, and doesn't has as much annoy security stuff that makes programming take twice as long. 7 is better but not by too much.
There isn't any noticeable difference speed wise between 7 and XP on my schools' computers (the ones that actually meet the minimum requirements, that is). XP is lighter on memory than 7, so in RAM limited situations, XP might be a better choice. As for security, it doesn't bother me a bit.

And Windows 7? I'm on 8."
My name is too easily portmanteaued... sigh.
Bear is a bearasaurus.
"I use XP. It's okay.
Like I'd be savvy enough to use anything newer."
"First SciO meeting of the year today! Pretty awesome.

One complaint: too many freshies. Seriously, 8 freshmen is waaaaay more than any Div C team needs."
"Funny because our team has the opposite problem. We have too many seniors...

yeah making District Choir! Unfortunately, I believe if I make District Band, I will miss our second invitational..."
I had my MIT interview yesterday. It was quite enjoyable, really. It definitely wasn't as formal as I expected. For anyone else applying, I highly suggest having one, and don't stress over it.

Heheh, we had 19 freshmen show up, and only 5 seniors
"Oh, well, that's good. I have mine sometime next week.

EDIT: Also, Chrome Canary seems to keep crashing on me, so I'm back to ordinary Chrome for the time being. Anyone else have this problem?"
Of the 45 people admitted onto the teams, there are 30 juniors and ~4 freshmen :\
I think we have 2 freshmen, 3 or so sophomores, 1 or 2 juniors, and at least 12 seniors.
"http://photoblog.msnbc.msn.com/_news/20 ... ?gt1=43001

I think this settles the whole debate on which state has the worse weather."
Ooooh!! Looks soooo fun! (No sarcasm.)
"You just get winter early. We went through all four seasons already so far this week.

See, the fact that we're having a deadlocked argument over which one of us has worse weather should mean that Kansas wins anyway, since I don't even live in the part of Kansas with really weird weather."
If we're talking about terrible weather, may I bring up Minnesota? 90s in the summer (with mosquitoes to boot), -30s in the winter. And not to mention people's attitudes toward winter; it snowed 19 inches on the day of the December ACT last year and it was not cancelled (though I didn't go because my street hadn't been plowed; someone who lives near me went and it took him over an hour to get home). I do believe the last time we had a delay was about 5 years ago, and that was because the biodiesel in the buses froze. And certain people insist on wearing shorts year-round, which I firmly believe kills all of the nerves in your lower legs.
Everyone thinks they have it the worst unless they live in some gorgeous tropical area (and even then they have hurricanes). I'd argue that Chicagoland lake weather ain't great, but that's because that's what I got. Sounds a lot like Minnesota, actually.
See, that's climate Koko, not everyday weather. And we have a pretty bad climate, but cold-intolerant superintendents.
"Well if we're talking about climate I've lived on both end of the spectrums
I grew up in Anchorage, AK, where there's usually 6ft of snow per year and temperatures in the negative thirties, not to mention that there's little over an hour between sunrise and sunset in December

Now I live just outside of Houston where there's temps as high as 110 with 200% humidity, along with hurricanes and other fun severe thunderstorms(though not as fierce as those in the midwest, usually)

Personally I prefer colder weather, and logically it's easier to overcome; for instance to stay warm in the cold you put on a nice fluffy jacket, some mittens, and a hat, however it is impossible to become cool in really hot weather without going indoors to the air conditioning"
I've heard that argument many times, but I maintain that I enjoy the weather in tropical (as in, 80+ degrees year-round and very high humidity) Philippines more than I do in Minnesota winter (dry, cold, snowy, etc). I feel like I'm permanently cold in the winter (despite being bundled up), and I think going swimming / getting wet in the heat is more refreshing than a cup of hot chocolate in the winter.
"lol
and remember that huge snow storm at the end of February i think...it was like 6ft high in some places >.<"
I just looked it up to be able to say you're wrong, and I think it was Feb 1...so you're pretty close . Anyways, yeah, it was brutal. Took lot of places a week to get even the sidewalk cleared. Still, no school is good school.
True no school is good school.
Well, meteorologists are predicting snow in the DC area this weekend. Wonder if we'll have a white Halloween.
Yay! I was only 20 or so days off!
Does anyone know where to find self-sealing stem bolts?
my school doesn't do SO anymore
That stinks. The coach quit? No money? Your Regionals conflicts with some other major competition? The administration hates nerds?
"the coach quit and I can't blame her, she was someone who lives by if you want something done right do it yourself. and she taught a lot of classes and other extracurriculars, and every one procrastinated which prevented us from ever achieving anything below tenth in the aa division in state.
I'm scientists twin brother"
Filler
"The coach quits and a AA team just shuts down? Really? Well, I suppose if you're right that nobody really cared then nobody would want to pick it up...I'm sorry. But tenth at State isn't bad UNLESS your goal is, say, top 5. That's hard in IL since the same schools are consistently good despite minor upsets (ie South).
tuftedtitmouse12 wrote:
then you guys can see if you can get a team yourselves...that's what im planning to do next year, as my high school doesn't have a team...during this school year and over the summer, i'll see if i can get a list of science teachers at the high school im going to and email them and see if they are interested in helping us either by being a coach or just giving some help on individual events...but, i highly doubt that's going to work my freshman year...maybe sophmore
There might be a better, more tactful way of going about this. Before worrying about event coaches, you'd need to find a head coach who's willing to put in the time, which is a bigger commitment than many of us realize. MANY teachers are like the one quadratic described...either overloaded with already-existing extracurriculars or they have a life of their own after they put in the time, kids and stuff. I really don't suggest bulk e-mails; talking face-to-face is almost always better. However, keep in mind that, in the worst case scenario, the coach doesn't have to be a science teacher at your school. It could be another kind of teacher, your mom, one of the coaches from the middle schools, or even someone completely on the outside. There's options."
"Yeah, we went through that exact same scenario earlier this year; our coach from the beginning retired due to personal reasons, so we were left to our own devices.
Skink wrote:
I really don't suggest bulk e-mails; talking face-to-face is almost always better. However, keep in mind that, in the worst case scenario, the coach doesn't have to be a science teacher at your school. It could be another kind of teacher, your mom, one of the coaches from the middle schools, or even someone completely on the outside. There's options.
Agreed. You can ask anyone, really; our new coach is a substitute teacher with the district. Depending on what role your coach played, you have a wide variety of options for your coach. The more entrenched your coach was with the team itself, the more difficult they will be to replace; but in our case students largely ran the show anyway. But I would have to agree with Skink; ask people in person, because coaching Science Olympiad is a huge commitment in both time and effort and it seems more personal. It's easy to ignore an email, but it's hard to ignore a student standing in front of you expectantly."
The elven platypuses fly over the land of jellybeans.
I'm a vegetarian. (But I still eat milk, eggs, and seafood.)
"SHUN
Cheesy Pie wrote:
(But I still eat milk, eggs, and seafood.)
Whew. Thanks for the damage control."
Oh, that explains why you hate fast food so much!
Oh joy, I have my first college final tomorrow, and guess what, it is running a 10K
have fun
Wait... is seafood not meat?
"On a chemistry quiz today, I had to write and balance this equation:

I got ""(NH4)2Cr2O7->N2+H20+CrO"" which can't be balanced. Did I make a mistake in writing it down, or was the question flawed? I forgot to ask the teacher about it.
Kokonilly wrote:
Cheesy Pie wrote:
I'm a vegetarian. (But I still eat milk, eggs, and seafood.)
Wait... is seafood not meat?
That depends on who you ask."
Wow those vegetarians can do strange things.
But... fish are animals too, right? (Though admittedly, fish are friends, not food.)
I can end this argument http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index ... 6011202948
"The problem with this question, is that Chromium is a transition metal (d block element) so the name chromium oxide is not descriptive enough to say what exactly the chemical formula is.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chromium_oxide has a list of ""Chromium Oxides,"" and one of these can probably fit in to the chemical formula, so that it can be balanced."
Oops, I think it's supposed to be chromium II oxide. For fun, I tried all of those oxides anyway, and none of them worked.
"Umm I'm pretty sure it works for chromium III oxide (CR2O3)... (NH4)2Cr2O7 -> (N2)2+(H2O)4+Cr2O3
So yeah."
Evidently I fail. I even checked on my calculator, but switched an "O" for a "0".
St. Louis wins the world series.. applause
What world series? When was there a world series?
http://goo.gl/PV9W0
I just thought of something in non-Euclidian life could the answer not be 42?
And cheesy pie?
And the Rangers with their 2nd World Series loss in a row...
Just 2 more years and they can be the Bills of baseball.
"Last night we won grand champions at KU with a score of 91.1. It's OVER 9000/100!

It was a glorious performance. A shame it was our last one of the year, but it was a great way to go out on a high note."
Congrats! My marching career ended yesterday in the prelims of the Mizzou Champion of Champions festival. We got 2nd in our class (4A) behind Grain Valley, but didn't beat enough of the 5A bands to make finals. It was probably our worst performance of the year, so it wasn't the way I wanted to go out. We still had a great season, but it's disappointing to finish like we did.
Ate a sandwich
stupid power is off at home again. thats what happens when it snows a foot in less than 18 hours.
That's what happens when you live in Canada.
I have to say, despite what everyone else probably thinks, that Bing just dominated Google in terms of who has the best Halloween home page. I really expected a lot more out of Google.
Yay! Latin Halloween
So kids are ringing the doorbell pretty frequently while I'm trying to finish an English project.
I am currently sitting in a chair next to the door waiting for the doorbell to ring and wearing my costume (Antarctica... two years ago I got a penguin hat at the swap meet, and I'm pairing that with a white button-down shirt (before I was wearing a blue jacket underneath that to look like ice, but I got too warm), blue jeans, and black shoes). Halloween gets a lot less fun when you grow out of trick-or-treating.
"Nice that the school gave us a day off today.

I think the image Bing had last year was better:"
"WHAT?!?!? If anything it would be smart to give Tuesday off because that's when everyone will be sleep deprived and have sugar hangovers
And one thing I always wanted to do is leave the entire bowl of candy out front with a sign saying ""Take One""(like many people do), and then hide in a nearby bush and the second someone picks up more than one piece, I'll just run out and tackle them"
Wouldn't it be hard to see them taking up more than one?
"I think gargoyles (and motion!) trump cemeteries.



Ooh, I think they both have lightning in them. Nice touch."
Apparently Bing doesn't recognize Internet Explorer 10 and doesn't give it videos. I have to pretend I'm using IE9 or else I get still pictures.
"Haha, I took my little brother out trick-or-treating and dressed up as Hungary (the Hetalia character...).
harryk wrote:
WHAT?!?!? If anything it would be smart to give Tuesday off because that's when everyone will be sleep deprived and have sugar hangovers.
I actually do have tomorrow off. Very advantageous for NaNoWriMo, since it starts tomorrow and I still only have a very vague plot. Oh boy..."
"Oh my, FullMetalMaple, I am jealous. I'm planning to hit 50,000 words this month, so a day off would be nice...but, I've got my plot completely all set and I've already written an outline, if that's allowed, so I'm all good! Good luck with NaNoWrimo! Is anyone else on here doing it?

btw, my username on the adult website is ""tufted"" so friend me and then I can track your word count"
My school gave us Friday off, but nothing this week. I'm not sure why.
"Well, I'm back. What a Halloween I had.
Rickrolling the school was fun. What's more, some teachers got the joke (including all four male gym teachers who I saw during gym) so they laughed as well as the kids. The only problem is that carrying the boombox made my index finger really sore.
I went out a little tonight, not much though. All in all, it was a lot of fun.
In other news, I'm finally hunkering down to write, and have just gotten a new YouTube account. Soon, I will be uploading short films, tutorials, and historical videos on it, so if anyone is interested they can subscribe to the channel ""MagicDStudios"". It'd be awesome to get some publicity. When we put up videos, I think the history buffs will be thrilled- my friend has very funny ideas to make history more accessible to the common man."
"NaNoWriMo? Sure, why not. Actually, no, I need to focus on my short stories. Next year, I'll do it.

(^That would be the typical writer procrastination there)"
Same here. Huh, I thought that was a Minnesota thing.
"Yeah, having the first day off is always really nice. This week alone, however, I have a test in both of my AP classes, two term papers due, a theology test, a lab report to write for chem, and Robotics competition day. Oh, and a journalism story due in there somewhere. Have fun tracking that word count... XD I do believe I friended you already, though.
zyzzyva98 wrote:
NaNoWriMo? Sure, why not. Actually, no, I need to focus on my short stories. Next year, I'll do it.

(^That would be the typical writer procrastination there)
You could do what my friend is doing and write your short stories instead of a novel... I think I did that one month over the summer. It'll be awesome... Plus, if you hit 50,000 words, you get a free printed book version of whatever you write."
OMG I FINALLY GOT MY RULES!
How did that name come about?
"I want to do NaNoWrimo, but unfortunately, the school compy blocks me from registering. So I have to wait...
I have no idea what my plot line will be, except that it will include CERN. So...I'm just hoping for the best."
NaNoWriMo comes at a rather inopportune month for me. October-November and March-April are my busiest months of the year. If we did this in, say, June, I would happily write 50,000 words. November? You might get 5 pages out of me. Hey, I wrote a paragraph today, that's a good start.
"I'll probably write a short story or something; I have no time to write a full 50k word novel.

(FYI: my username on the forums is IYIYTH.)"
"There's Camp NaNoWriMo in July and August, which just started this past summer. I won both months and actually enjoyed it, though it's really nothing compared to the November experience.

I definitely understand, though - I'm incredibly busy right now, too. Last year, I had over 4,000 words on the first day, but I've barely broken 2,000 so far. I think I'll just start getting up at five every morning to get my writing done, else I probably won't win.

In the spirit of fishman's comment, I'm Immortal x Snow on the NaNo forums if anyone wants to be writing buddies... I'll just be careful about putting my name on my novel cover on the site this year. I'll make it smaller or something..."
Chances are I'll be writing my entire short story on night of November 29
"I still think you all are insane for trying to write so much in a month. I enjoy writing fiction when I can come up with ideas, but only occasionally (i.e. when I feel like it). There are probably several people here who can testify to my sporadic and lackadaisical approach to writing.

In other news, I need a vacation. Or some sleep."
Filler
"How the heck do I do anything on NaNoWrimo?!
I'm sorry, I have figured out basically nothing about the site yet...including how to upload my story.
EDIT: I figured it out.
And in the spirit of things, my NaNoWriMo account is foreverphysics. Big surprise."
For all of you: (esp. Z and FMM) what do you usually write with? Pen and paper? [My hand gets too tired] Microsoft Word? [I stop writing and look for diversions, like cats jumping off furniture. Microsoft has a creepy way of shutting you brain down with the blue and white background, like what's happening to me now while posting this] by WordPad? [pigeon speech recognition software, I refuse to say "period" after each sentence.]
I did NaNo two (three?) years in a row, before wild College Applications appeared, and I recommend http://writeordie.com/.
I'd assume a majority uses MS Word. Aspiring novelists tend to work digitally. I couldn't imagine handwriting everything and then having to typewrite it later...
So my precal teahcer made us two giant bowls of fried rice and a large tray of some stir fry egg noodles, Horrah for re-test days
"yWriter5 is good for organizing your novel, but its impossible to get everything together, and especially if you are like me, with many scenes and no definite chapters yet, it is impossibly irritating to have to have a new ""mini doc"" for each scene, and see a ""chapter 1"" heading >.<

so, I think I'll stick with my ole buddy MS word this year"
I considered trying NaNoWriMo for all of thirty seconds, until I remembered I'm no good at writing.
Call me crazy, I write everything out by hand. I am much more creative when not distracted by the internet as would surely happen when using MS Word and I just don't like using it in general. The font choices make it seem cold and sterile. You just don't get the same warm fuzzy feeling on a computer that you do using pencil and paper
Doesn't that significantly slow down your WPM, though?
Yeah. Typing projects and essays on the computer is usually faster for me. I don't think I've actually written a rough draft of an essay or something like that since I was in 6th-7th grade. All my essays have been typed initially and edited on the computer.
Koko, that's a 10 dollar piece of software........ O.o
It's free if you look at the "web app" bit.
Btw, did you guys see that post in the Towers General Discussion thread? That was impressive. I don't think I've seen longer... (well, maybe I have in the 'Is scioly really worth it' thread, but still. This one is impressive as well)
That will be very useful for me... for motivation to finish writing assignments for class. Seriously though, I've got to find a way to keep myself from procrastinating on long writing assignments. Speaking of which... I'd better go.
Procrastination is starting to be an issue. It's not like I do something besides the homework I'm supposed to do, but instead, I do nothing at all.
It's mind over matter, guys (mind over mind? Can the mind really overpower itself? Is there really even a conflict here? Does that make any sense?). Close FB, put the phone away, and/or turn off the t.v. Otherwise, you've prioritized those things over what may matter. I mean, it's not up to me to decide if your essays or whatnot are more important than FB or vice versa. In your case...I dunno, might be because you've underslept. Being tired is NOT a good way to get motivated. A little sugar sometimes goes a long way. Everyone has a sweet tooth.
Man, I feel so behind on NaNoWriMo...it's 2:48 pm on the third day, and I've only written 6,306 words...I need more motivation.
"Short Story #1 Completed

Granted, I started it before November and still have to type it up, but all the words are there.

Oh, that reminds me of another reason why I like to write by hand- you get another chance to edit it as you type."
Google "do a barrel roll".
After working at a book sale for four hours (and getting 8- eight! books in return for my services) I now declare this National Novel Reading Month.
"do a barrel eoll" also works. My typing skills fail, but Google does not.
Actually, it triggers after you put the space after "Do a" so no, google does not correct your typing skills. I'm sorry.
"Normally, I write with MS Word. During school, which is when I've been doing most of my writing lately, I write in a notebook. Typing does make things much faster for me, but there is something personal and - dare I say it - beautiful about writing with pen and paper.
Kokonilly wrote:
I did NaNo two (three?) years in a row, before wild College Applications appeared, and I recommend http://writeordie.com/.
That is the most amazing site ever (well, after this one). I think it's the only reason I don't get behind on busy days.
zyzzyva98 wrote:
Short Story #1 Completed
*high fives*

And now I return to AP USH homework, then writing."
It's always nice when your robot battery spontaneously explodes two hours before competition
I just got asked in a debate round to define the term "and/or". Lolwut.
U were debating some intelligent kids
Wow, you seem strangely happy
Tis awesome to melt battery packs the day before competition.
Well I just felt an earthquake... An interesting sensation.
Cool! That's fun if it's not too strong.
"Haha, we competed yesterday, too. It's always nice when your robot completely stops working more than once and your arm almost never works at all.
TheGenius wrote:
Well I just felt an earthquake... An interesting sensation.
You could feel it up in Olathe? That was the first earthquake I've ever felt... and it was pretty awesome."
It's cold in the winter!
I was in Pittsburg at the time. Didn't even realize it was an earthquake until I heard about it on the news.
Hah, the only real earthquake I've felt was that one in China in 2008. You know, that big one.
"This:


...No longer applies.

For anyone who didn't realize, you were supposed to fall back today. (And that includes on here, as well. Go through your UCP to Board Preferences if you had summer time in effect until now)"
This is lol funny!
ack ack...i am in the process of losing my voice...i never knew how much fun it was being the loudest person in my grade...until now
So, had our first math meet today. Slightly disappointed, but you know what? We're within striking distance of the defending champs!
"Modern Warfare 3 came out? Allow me to make some jokes:

> With the release of Modern Warfare 3, Activision has officially renamed ""Call of Duty: Modern Warfare"" to ""Call of Duty: Kind of Outdated Warfare""

> I'm really excited about this new video game I got: ""Call of Writing: Modern Word Processor 3""

> MW3 is probably one of the most anticipated video games ever, behind Roller Coaster Tycoon 3, of course.

> Rebecca Black's decision to register for MW3 online as ""RebeccaBlack_Friday1"" has quickly led to her setting a new world record as most-killed user.

(I could go all night with these. I'll leave just one more)

> Barack Obama, in an official statement made early this morning, has condemned Modern Warfare 3 because the store he stood in line outside of for three hours was sold out by the time he got inside. Also, none of the people in line with him were in his target demographic for the 2012 election, or even knew who he was."
Ugh. This looks like something you'd see in the comments section on YT...
"That's where he got it from probably. Plus Z I am highly offended because in your jokes you call modern warfare outdated? Look, I have Call of Duty 3 and that is still awesomely fun, with plenty of people playing it.
Okay, that is a lame excuse to be offended at someone"
"Yeah, nice job! Good luck with the rest of the season (we're about 15 points behind you guys), and we'll (hopefully) see you at state.
zyzzyva98 wrote:
Modern Warfare 3 came out? Allow me to make some jokes:
Two kids in my CompSci class left school early to go and buy it... it probably says something that my teacher actually let them go."
It is outdated.
:/ I'm higher quality than YouTube comments. No one on YouTube would think out the Barack Obama waiting in line at a store ---> Target demographics. (I'll bet none of you caught that :P)All of my jokes are original, except when they aren't.
The Real video game of the week comes out on friday (11/11/11), go Skyrim!
"Bang.

Props to someone who knows what I'm referencing."
"Anyone here ever played JA Titan?

http://oldtitan.ja.org/ or http://newtitan.ja.org/"
My question is, why are you still awake?
Yeah there's no way anyone can get away with saying Modern Warfare isn't outdated. MW3 = MW2 + new maps. so therefore, the game still sucks, and is outdated.
12:39 am isn't that late, Hav...Take me, for instance. I never go to sleep before midnight, yet wake up every day at 5-6 am, including weekends. You can be quite awake on just four hours of sleep. And besides, I am quite certain that multiple people here stay up until past 2 am on a regular basis. (Including me...sometimes...)
Whether you feel awake or not, it's still a bad habit to get into. As a science-y person, I urge you to research the biological reasons for sleep. Forcibly depriving yourself of 2-3hrs will not let your body undergo all of the processes it was intended to during the sleep cycles.
"Good question... (though 11 PM isn't that late)
foreverphysics wrote:

12:39 am isn't that late, Hav...Take me, for instance. I never go to sleep before midnight, yet wake up every day at 5-6 am, including weekends. You can be quite awake on just four hours of sleep. And besides, I am quite certain that multiple people here stay up until past 2 am on a regular basis. (Including me...sometimes...)
Ehh, I probably haven't gone to bed before midnight for the last week or so, but it's wearing me down. Yesterday I went home and took a nap, and I still felt exhausted. Today I went to bed at about 12:15 and I feel better... but I know I should have more sleep. It's bad. Hopefully after this week it'll be better, as this week it's finals week. But I am a night owl, so it's a small problem. The really bad part is that because it was just Halloween, I've been bringing chocolate to school to wake me up if I feel sleepy. I don't care if it's the placebo effect; perhaps the mere act of eating wakes me up."
"I've been consistently sleeping at 12 or 1 AM the past two weeks or so. It's not cool.

Tomorrow looks like another late night as well. Yay Quiz Bowl."
I would fail all my SO competitions if I did that. And that would be really sad.
Eh. You get used to it after a few years. Trust me, I know.
":O BAD BAD BAD BAD BAAAAADDD. Really. That's really bad.

In summary:"
"I just realized you said ""including weekends."" Something is wrong with you.
Sure, you may think you can survive on 4 hours of sleep, but if I get any less than 6, I'm already dying by the time 2nd period comes around in my school.

There's only so long you can go without sleep, before you collapse of utter fatigue."
Hey I wake up at 6:00 to play Xbox!!!
But not sleeping on nights before competitions is a Science Olympiad tradition! (regrettably)
"18 hours...
Edit: 17 hours...
Edit 2: 13 hours...
Edit 3: 10 hours...
Edit 4: 6 hours..."
Let it snow let it snow let it snow
yay! flurries last night and afterschool today!
Lucky... I want a good snow sooo bad.. Maybe since this year is a La Nina year we'll get good snow.
Skyrim.
FUS-ROH-DAH
"Happy Veteran's Day, all.
I'm not American, but I recognize and appreciate the sacrifices made by ALL veterans, US or not."
wait...you're not an ABC?
"It's 11:11:11, 11/11/11.

EDIT: Okay, so I posted this late."
Next year it'll be 12/12/12. Probably the last time I'll see all 3 matching in my lifetime.
Unless you use military time, that is.
"0835 Pacific Time.. 1135 Eastern Time
Edit: This is already an outdated post."
"tuftedtitmouse12 wrote:
wait...you're not an ABC?
...is ABC suddenly a slang term for 'American' or something?"
"Oh, Koko. No, no, no. ""ABC"" is short for ""American Born Chinese"". And no, I am not an ABC. I have Chinese citizenship. I was born in China. My parents are Chinese. My sister is an ABC. Not me.
Plus, Koko, this term has been around for a very, very long time."
Koko, way to get in with the times
"tuftedtitmouse12 wrote:
Koko, way to get in with the times
Oh... I didn't know that. Oops."
On November 11, 2011, at 11:11 PST I have said "eleven" eleven times
Ha, I remember exactly what I was doing at 11:11 CST. I was in English class... and my teacher was taking a picture of everyone because it was Scarlet Letter Day. I think I only noticed the time because I was facing the clock. And because one of the classes across the hallway suddenly started yelling.
My whole house now smells like paint thinner. I'm guessing that's not a good thing....
If it wasn't for DST it would be 11/11//11 at 11:11:11 pm right about…now.
OH YEAHHHH, I forgot about 11 PM. Now I can laugh at all the people that made fun of me for not believing in this "ONCE in a lifetime occurrence".
erm, this is normal time. Summer is DST.
...Except at 11:11 PM, it's 2311 military time.
Get out, koko. I was feeling proud.
Well on a daily basis do you say its 11:11 pm or 2311
Do you call your refrigerator a fridge on a daily basis? Just because you call something one thing, doesn't make it correct.
No I call it "a big white box in my kitchen that has a door that opens for you to put food in and take it out, while it is in it then it cools the food" on a daily basis.
There might be something wrong with your ability to communicate. You might want to see a specialist.
I'm 6th on this forum in terms of number of posts. And by the end of this year, I WILL reach 1,000. (Even if it means that I have to do a little spamming)

Actually, I say 2311. My alarm clock and watch are both set that way, and I would do it to my phone if I could figure out how to do it.
I'd like to see ya try
Haha, woops. I meant to type "16th". But still, I will reach 1,000.
"I don't need a specialist.
There we go now I have my computer set to military time."
"Quality > Quantity

Also, I may or may not have set my watch alarm for 11:11 yesterday despite being in a completely full suburban. I may also have gotten a round of cheers for doing so."
since 11/11/11 I've found people mention 11:11 a lot more.. Or is that just my school?
"Finally got my ACT scores back yesterday and I am quite pleased with the results:

English 35
Math 36
Reading 36
Science 34
Composite of 35

Writing I only got a 9, which disappointed me a little bit, but I can't complain based on how the rest of the test went."
just one away...
Eh, I wanted a 36, but a 35 is still really good. I might take it again to get my writing score up, but I'm perfectly fine with where I stand.
"/hails

What did you do to get such a good score? How did you even finish it?"
gj
Nicely done! Hmm, do you have to get all 36's to get a 36 or do they just round it somehow?
It's an average. I think Z missed the 36 because of science. So much irony.
"Yeah, they average it, so I actually got a 35.25, a quarter point from a 36. I was probably too confident on the science section because that was the only one I got a 36 in last time.

I had a band competition the same day, so any nervousness I could possibly have was taken by the band competition. I was basically thinking, ""Let's get this test done right, then worry about band."" The ACT was the smaller hurdle."
"Ah. Then I might have missed it because of math... woo, more irony.
zyzzyva98 wrote:
EpicFailOlympian wrote:
What did you do to get such a good score? How did you even finish it?
I had a band competition the same day, so any nervousness I could possibly have was taken by the band competition. I was basically thinking, ""Let's get this test done right, then worry about band."" The ACT was the smaller hurdle.
Marching band or the ACT... looks like you have your priorities straightened out."
"I was standing by a fountain. No joke. Like y'know, those wish fountains? Threw a coin in. Asked the girl next to me out [set that up beforehand, obviously].
Kokonilly wrote:
haverstall wrote:
It's an average. I think Z missed the 36 because of science. So much irony.
Ah. Then I might have missed it because of math... woo, more irony.
I did miss straight 36's on Princeton Review's practice over the math section..."
"Darn you genius people. I studied for around a month for the ACT and only got a 32 (should've been 33 but I panicked on the science section), and a 32 is quite good to begin with.

Edit: I forget how much language is censored here XD"
"You should have acted; they're already here.
The Captain's Logs told of their return.
Their defeat was merely a delay.
From the time after First Contact was made.
When the sons of the Federation would spill their own blood.
But no one wanted to believe... Believe they even existed.
And when the truth finally dawns, it dawns in plasma!
But! there's one they fear. In their tongue he is Locutus: Picard!
Someone needs to make a Star Trek mod for Skyrim."
what's Skyrim?
"WHAT'S SKYRIM?! IT'S AN INCREDIBLE EXPERIENCE CONSISTING OF AWESOMENESS!
Yeah... ""Skyrim"" explains my entire weekend..."
I'm afraid that my mom might kill me. Parent-teacher confrences are today and a few of those grades aren't 3.50 range/: oh noes what if she takes away scioly
That is my question too.
Some game
Skyrim. Also known as the end of life as we know it.
"I wish I had time for video games.

Alas, I stayed at school to finish a school newspaper, that ended not getting finished because of stupid technology."
YES. I have suprassed Mr. Anderson in post count! 15th spot buddy! Awwww yeahh
Don't you have better things to do? (Like Skyrim?)
i don't spam or anything (yet), those are all actually useful posts from me asking and responding to legitamite questions. btw, what's so great about skyrim?
has good graphics, that's what I've heard
"Help.
If you had to choose between your state spelling bee, state Science Bowl, and state Science Olympiad, which one would you choose?
Butterfly the people who had to put all of them on the same date...and now this is a legitimate concern for me."
really you're putting that up on a science olympiad forum?
what he said.
"Hmmm, science olympiad maybe???
Maybe you should post this on an objective thread..."
"Everything, except that the UI doesn't work well on keyboard and mouse and
cngu23 wrote:
has good graphics, that's what I've heard
the graphics aren't great for a PC game.
foreverphysics wrote:
Help.
If you had to choose between your state spelling bee, state Science Bowl, and state Science Olympiad, which one would you choose?
Butterfly the people who had to put all of them on the same date...and now this is a legitimate concern for me.
I'd choose either the spelling bee or science bowl, since I've never been to either one of those."
"Yay for not making the A team?
Honestly, I'm a little disappointed, but now I need to get into gear. I want to take some medals with me this year."
Anyone need motivation for NaNoWriMo?
I just spent the last 9 hours at a journalism convention. My brain is fried. Only two more days to go!
Wow... You're really into this journalism thing huh?
"I kinda have to be. I'm the managing editor for our school newspaper, and literally three weeks ago our online services crashed. So, today, I spent the whole day learning about online journalism etc.

Speaking of which, anyone on the forums also at the NHSPA convention?"
Geography bee.
Ah, cool, someone else interested in journalism. I wish I could be more involved with our school's paper (good lord, it needs help) but my schedule doesn't allow it.
State science olympiad, no questions asked.
"I almost went to that convention with some of our staff! But since I have a 10-page AP USH paper due tomorrow...
zyzzyva98 wrote:
Ah, cool, someone else interested in journalism. I wish I could be more involved with our school's paper (good lord, it needs help) but my schedule doesn't allow it.
Is that we don't do exchanges with you guys? (Just kidding...)

If your staff members have to sell ads, you don't want to get involved. Ad sales are the bane of my existence. I love journalism, but I'm almost glad to get out of it at the end of the semester..."
"If you choose an answer to this question at random, what is the chance that you will get it correct?
A. 25%
B. 33%
C. 50%
D. 25%"
25%
The first logical answer to this is 25%, but 25% is an answer twice which means that you would have a 50% chance of getting the correct answer. However, you only have a 25% chance of randomly guessing the 50% answer choice which brings you back to 25% as your answer. The question is a neat paradox.
"The Hunger Games trailer is finally here!
They really screwed up Haymitch."
Oh... yeah, they kinda did... And Katniss reminds me of Miley Cyrus - if only in appearance. (And I thought Kristin Chenoweth was going to be Effie! She would have made a good Effie.)
Katniss was nothing like the way I pictured her She looks so plain in the movie...
"http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z_jw3z68 ... re=related

You should so see this."
Woah. That should be the real movie. Actors, direction, screen play, everything was awesome.
Stop bashing the movie before it comes out. It's the only reason I'll be going back in a theater now that HP is done. Honestly, the trailer to me looks quite epic- aside from the now far-overused Bank Gothic font. I can live with characters not being how I pictured them- it looks like they hit the plot spot on. (Oh, right, Suzanne Collins wrote the screenplay. No more complaining: author's intent trumps)
Yeah, it does follow the plot from what we can tell. But that link that was posted above, with the fanmade video? Now that was epic.
So...is it bad that our SO team technically has not started practicing yet?
How on earth do you even get to nationals then?
My team used to get to nationals. We don't anymore I think its the lack of motivation. But no one except the 5 juniors care.. Not much we can do when the majority of our team slacks off -sigh-
Snow. And it won't go away for at least four months. (Though admittedly, it's quite late this year...)
Is this going to be a major motion picture... or just a low key movie?
Low-key? The movie version of The Hunger Games? You're joking, right?
Isn't she supposed to look plain?
Eh, I was kinda thinking she'd look a lot hotter
What is with all this hype about the Hunger Games movie? Seriously? It's only a movie...that probably won't be half as good as the book.
"Thanksgiving break starts on wednesday for me
half days at school monday and tuesday"
Being in a non-competitive state helps.
Never in my life have I been so excited for Thanksgiving dinner. I will actually not have to eat whatever it is that they have started to serve at college. I know for sure that it isn't food, because I fell like crap after eating each and every meal.
So umm... I think the general chat forum has been spammed
The same thing could have been said about Harry Potter before they came out, and those movies (with the exception of the 6th one, since they burned down the burrow. ruined the whole movie for me.) were pretty good.
Imo, all the Harry Potter books were better than the movies.
Nothing like a new book and hot chocolate on a rainy day to escape life~
it started today for me
"I still have school tomorrow... >.<

EDIT: But I do have next Friday off, which I just found out today. So we're all even."
"I started today. I spent it playing Battlefield 3, doing homework, and cleaning the house.
Pretty nice day, if I do say so myself."
I've had this entire week off... been trying to catch up on NaNoWriMo. I might be able to finish tonight, if I kill my fingers.
I just figured out how fun climbing canyons barefoot is. Woot.
I intended to do NaNo...I don't know what happened.
I just found out that Lynn Margulis recently died.
To those of you who are wondering about the Hunger Games movie: I saw a marching band channel at a hotel last night in Illinois (I know, right?) and one of the bands featured (I wanna say Morton? Merton?) did a Hunger Games show. (I KNOW, right?) They did a good job technique-wise, but the plot suffered (C'mon, guys), so we already have something on the table that is worse than the movie that we will compare, if we must, when said movie comes out.
"I REMEMBER THAT SHOW

It was Morton.

We were sitting in the lounge at BOA watching it on the screen while we were getting food and we were like ""What's their show?""

And I'm like ""Adventures with an orange backpack"" or something

Guy sitting across from me: ""It's a mountain climbing adventure!""

Girlfriend: ""Hunger Games Show""

At the time we were only about 2 minutes in and none of us had actually seen the announcement.

Turned out to be Hunger Games."
I saw my 250th bird species today. A Brown Creeper desperately trying to act like a piece of bark.
am now dual booting windows 7 & 8
I miss croman... his last post was 16 months ago.
Let me know how it works out
my 7 copy is corrupted and 8 is a pre beta developer realease with alot of bugs
So you kinda wasted your time huh?
7 & 8 both still work ok there just a little buggy
I made my language preference on Facebook 'lingua latina', just for fun. Mihi placet. Boy, I wish my school offered Latin.
I am your local friendly designated spammer.
Pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanokoniosis is the longet word in the English dictionary
Now it is.
One of us misfits (I'm a misfit and happy about it) made some RPG paper game that I joined. (And he fails at drawing)
Woah, DS has exactly 666 posts. He should leave it at that.
Questions in one of the rounds in today's Quiz Bowl tournament had topics like vaccinations, Shakespearean plays, and historical British monarchies. (In other words, it was perfect. ^^ )
"Thanks for the heads up.

Speaking of which, we were one point away from 3rd place at WorldQuest today at the U."
Oops.
YAY! December 2nd and we finally get snow! (though it's only a thin thin layer...but it's snow, so who cares how deep it is?)
Okay, I need to clarify something. Exactly how does Quiz Bowl work? I mean I get the answering questions thing, but are there invites, regionals, and states like Science Olympiad or is it set up differently? Our area has Scholastic Scrimmage, which is like Quiz Bowl, and we compete in our conference and have one regional competition. I'd like to know if we could integrate Quiz Bowl into this, and what would happen if we would.
Meep.
"I've seen this a lot, but I was wonder if it was a reference to something?

fisherman?"
fishman100 has that as his avatar...
"I've seen this a lot, but I was wonder if it was a reference to something?

Oh, hi, EFO. Yes that is my avatar in your post

Or are you referring to SirBobo, who has a similar avatar? (SirBobo)"
No...Just if it had some reference to popular culture that I don't know about.
I'm not too sure myself...but I have seen some other forums use that smiley as one of their emoticons:
fishy goes on other forums? TRADER!

Fix'd.
"Whee, I had a robotics competition today! And the first frost of the year came three days ago! And...it was warm enough today for me to wear a t shirt.

Robotics was amazing. Absolutely amazing."
How does a little, tiny asian do robotics? O.o
How does Alabama get frost earlier than Illinois?
I'm not tiny. I'm five foot six.
Oh, woah. Look out everyone, giant coming through =P

Wow, you do look up to me
Had all state band auditions yesterday, and... I made it! I am really excited.
"Congrats. I didn't even make the NEMO band...lol

What do you play?"
Thanks. I play trombone.
Congrats Gillen. I had to skip my chance at state this year for Greenhill, but I've promised I'll do it next year, which- wait, shoot, that means I'll miss Greenhill next year.
"All-State Band? Congrats, mate.

On a similarly musical note (no pun intended), I made 8th at District Orchestra yesterday out of 126 violins auditioning, so I'm pretty happy about that. But alas, I can't qualify for Regions this year...since Regionals is on the same day and SciO > violin."
"Thanks, guys. I forgot to mention earlier that I'm actually in the All-State Orchestra, not band. I got to pick between band and orchestra, and picked orchestra.

I had the same problem with scheduling conflicts last year. Regionals for SO was the same day as the all-state concert. Me and the other two people on the team who had a shot at state band decided not make state band so we could go to SO. Our team had never made state SO before, and we knew the team probably wouldn't make it without us. I'm so glad they weren't the same day this year so I didn't have to pick."
OMG THE SCHOOL UNBLOCKED YOUTUBE! Granted, they set up a custom filter or something like that so you still can't get to a bit of stuff, but THEY UNBLOCKED IT!
"I don't have any homework due for the next two days.

I fail to see how this is possible. Senior slide?"
Doesn't that happen every Friday?
"but its not Friday
it is Monday"
Hahahahano. If anything, I get more homework over the weekend (not that I'm complaining; I did select my schedule, which is why I'm shocked that I actually don't have homework today).
The SO coach hates me! She only put me on JV though one of my former teachers said that I'd be a great scientist!
Don't make too much over it- you still have plenty of time to grow and compete. Just do your best in JV, work hard, and you'll make it next year- maybe this year, if something happens to someone on the varsity team.
Or if you make something happen to someone on the varsity team
This usually works. However, in rare cases, the coach will replace them with someone else, meaning you'll have to take them out as well.
"Not to repeat what others have said here, but that definitely doesn't mean she hates you. You're on JV for a reason (which doesn't mean you aren't talented), and your responsibility is to make the most of it, regardless of how much you dislike it. I'm sure things will work out for you. If it makes you feel any better, I'm stuck with an assistant coach who thinks Science Olympiad is a science fair. Not that the two are similar or anything, but hey. Things happen for a reason.

On an unrelated note, my week was made when I saw it snowed this morning. :D"
SHE PICKS ON ME IN CLASS! SHE FINDS WAYS TO DEDUCT POINTS! Science et maths es mon prefere sujets, but I'm doing worst in them! And she teaches both! Tu ne comprende pas!
"Ah. In that case, I actually do understand. My freshman science teacher was just like that to me, to the point of almost destroying all my love for science (my current teacher is a lot like that, too). Thank Heaven for amazing biology teachers.

Just don't let her bother you too much. I hope you don't have her as a teacher again."
I will next year for social studies. AND she's the main SO coach at my school. I'm even considering quitting the team.
Yes! Finally got the Inheritance!
"Sorry, just had to do that.

Anyway, good luck!
How does she deduct points unfairly? I've seen lots of teachers deduct points for stupid reasons, but usually those cuts are universal."
Restating my question.
70 years ago Pearl Harbor was bombed.
"The rules kinda differ for each state.

In Minnesota, we have the Minnesota High School Quiz Bowl League, which runs 3 meets a year for 4 separate divisions based on regions. In each meet, each team has 4 games, coming to a total of 12 for the season. For the first meet usually, we'll have random matches, but A teams usually play A teams, B teams play B teams, so on and so forth. For the 2nd and 3rd meets, they become power matches, and your ranking decides who you play. For example, my team currently is 4-0. We will be playing the other 4-0 teams in our division. So on and so forth.

The top 4 teams in each division move onto the State Meet (kokonilly/luo correct me if I'm wrong.) bringing a total of 16 teams in the competition, and I do believe the state meet is double elimination.

The main goal is qualifying for nationals, and if you qualify for state, you automatically get qualified for nationals (which doesn't guarantee you a spot. You still need to register before the meet fills up.) There are also invites, which if under NAQT rules, can qualify teams for nationals.

I hope that answers your question."
That sounds right, though if I recall correctly we only played one match at state (and lost), hung around for a bit and talked to some people ( ), and left - so did we leave early, or is it not double-elimination?
Actually I was confused about that too. I just recall Mr. Hentzel saying this year during our meet that the state competition was double elimination.
Okay, well I know we have this. It doesn't look like it's quiz bowl though...
So Mythbusters shot someone's house with a cannon, on accident, can't wait to watch that episode
SILENCE! I KEEL YOU! (LAUGHTER) SILENCE! I KEEL YOU TOO!
blurgh. Band concert tonight and then tons of homework and several tests tomorrow and then MAP testing >.<
Hmm... interesting. That doesn't quite match up. Luo, do you know?
Today I watche for the first time in my life, the first national announcement of the murder of John Lennon. Just thinking of the day made me somewhat depressed.
"Dear snow,
Thank you for finally arriving.
Sincerely,
Littleboy"
I have a page-long rant against the school lunch. It's from "The students who want to help their generation live a healthier, safer, life."
Check this out. Go into the archives for the good stuff, where the teacher behind the blog posted all of the garbage school lunches she's eaten and taken pictures of.
Honestly, it is hard to get away from all junk food these days. There is way too much processed food. And, all healthy and local food is expensive.
Or you could be like me, be Asian, grow your own vegetables, and then cook it yourself. Only buy meat.

"asdfghjkl;
asdfghjkl;
asdfghjkl;

I'm so jealous right now you don't even know.

asdfghjkl;

I will see you there in two years.

I better."
I must say, you'll be going to a much different climate than Minnesota.
Potato awesome. Fast food taste good.
"To those of you complaining about school lunches:

You could bring a lunch from home... I don't plan on setting foot in our cafeteria for the rest of the year, nor have I bought any cafeteria food since 8th grade."
"Thanks for the congratulations?
EASTstroudsburg13 wrote:
I must say, you'll be going to a much different climate than Minnesota.
NO SNOW"
Are there any interesting things you can see with a 90x microscope?
Yes well congratulations too, but I'm still jealous.
Arghbleargh, the week-before-finals stress and workload is getting to me. I wish humans hibernated in the winter, I could use a good nap...
If You like Nyan cat check out the nyan cat is cool subject under posting games.
What's a nyan cat? I've never heard of one...unless you're talking about your personal pet.
"That is a nyan cat.
Sorry for the large image."
Sorry, I can't see the picture. It's a box with an "X" in it.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nyan_Cat
YES! It's snowing outside!
Not fair! It was 80° here yesterday
well texas...what do you expect? blizzards? But IL is pretty colddd

Where'd you get in, quiz?
Now here in Colorado, we could have snow today when it was 80 outside, actually yesterday I think it got up to about 60 yesterday and today I wound up driving in some snow.
Hey, congrats! Let's represent scioly.org well at college, shall we?
WOAH, you're going to college together? That's so awesome.
Actually, we're not. Koko's heading towards Leland Jr., and I'm cruising towards that place where fun comes to die
I've never been more excited to go to a farm
Can I go with you? Can't believe I have to wait another 3 months.
Yeah... you'll be fine, though! (Admittedly, it really sucks that you have to do more apps now. )
"Wait so you're definitely choosing Stanford?

Does that mean I can write you on my ""list of people you know at Stanford""?"
One thing I find totally awesome is that I got a 100% on a 5 page paper I wrote in an hour the nite before it was due.
Congrats sweetcoop and congrats to everyone being accepted to college!
"Yes, I think so. And WOW, way to be a tool and only think of how this can benefit you. I'm going to say 'no', just because a) you actually have a list, and b) you asked.
zyzzyva98 wrote:
Congrats sweetcoop and congrats to everyone being accepted to college!
Thanks!"
"I've already congratulated you AND made fun of you. What more do you want, card and flowers?

And whether or not there is an actual place to write that on the app escapes me right now; I know there's one on the Yale app. I think.

Pokonilly won't let me poke fun at her anymore"
Congrats, Koko. I've never been more jealous of anyone in my life.
"Congratulations Koko.




On a side note, we had a power shortage at school today...lunch got put back an hour, and then the power came back on right before the assembly everyone wanted to miss >.<

Oh, and it's raining now...there were flakes for a few minutes, but now it's all wetness"
"Okay, three things:
1. I'm back
2. Congrats to everyone (especially quiz, who I will (if things go as planned) be at college with, and koko too for getting into Stanford)
3. What is this now with the IP sensing signatures? Am I the only one who sees these?"
"1. Well technically you were always here. Just in a different account.
2. I have nothing to add.
3. Well forever and I saw it on someone else's sig so we copied it. And no you are not the only one seeing it"
"Congrats on Stanford, Koko!! And congrats on getting into UChicago Naps, now get back to studying.

..hehe jk"
Grrr.....
Thanks to everyone! I'm really excited.
"I didn't get into UChicago. Yet.
That's next year."
Five hours of sleep in 48 hours. Hopefully I will be able to really, truly sleep soon...
Filler
Any trogons/quetzals/parrots/flycatchers/any other birds you have to live in Brownsville to see in the US?
"Good luck next year, naps! Everyone's getting into amazing colleges...I guess I should be happy with getting into UIUC...why can't UCB release their results earlier...~_~

AND MERRY CHRISTMAS EVE EVERYONE!"
So now we have Christmas colored scioly
My eyes.
I quite like it. Only, it sometimes doesn't show up right. But nice job, Dark Sabre. Or robotman. Or gh. Or andrewwski. Or starpug. Or bah. Or SiegeLord. Ah, whoever did it, good job.
I like my black nick
"Agreed...sorta looks like a rainbow threw up... O.o

But yeah, Happy Holidays/Merry Christmas/Happy Chanukkah/Happy Kwanzaa/etc.

Also, my name is in black now? That's fancy."
I approve of the new theme. I highly recommend keeping it. Also, why black nicks? I think these are the people with exalts but am not sure.
"What are exalts for?

(This is when you notice my member status and stop laughing)
(This is also when you notice my location...)"
"My name keeps changing color(throughout the last couple hours) first it was orange, then lime green, then light blue, then purple, and now black? Is supposed to keep changing, or is one of the admins messing with our minds?

For contribution to the site, either through the wiki, gallery, test exchange, or other ways, look at this for more info"
"So I was right it was purple and now black.
Lime green would be nice."
What theme? Everything looks normal for me other than the black names for exalts
"I like my black nick even more!
Please stop changing it."
"Delete your browser cache and refresh the page.
Edit: The Wiki is kind of messed up."
"There is currently a Christmas theme. If you are using chrome you may have to clear your cache or do ctrl+shift+n and view it in incognito.

The exalted usernames are black, but as some of you saw we can change them without too much hassle."
"Its fine for me on Chrome withour that stuff.
Can we keep this for a while. Or something similar?"
Haha, this is great!
Love the color! Can this stay on through new years?
My eyes.
"The banner...
it's, it's BEAUTIFUL!"
The banner is boss. Can we do this for all holidays?
"This is pretty awesome...

Also, merry Christmas, all. (And, to be different - try not to sleep on hardwood floors.)"
Noooooooo, the colors are gone
It is pretty cool, but doesn't it hurt your eyes after a while?
Sorry for having sort of a life and not being on here on Christmas. Anyone screenshot for me to see?
"we do?

EDIT: I would like a screenshot too..."
I think this User of the Month thing is a really good idea.
"huh?

EDIT: nevermind."
11000!
The temperature probe that I am using for Keep the Heat isn't working. Does anybody know where I could buy a temperature probe or thermometer with an accuracy to the tenth of a degree?
WRONG PLACE TO POST. Try the Thermodynamics/Keep the Heat thread.
NO NEED FOR CAPS.
Forever gets caps lock thrown at her all the time.
I decided to post on this thread since what I was asking about didn't relate to any of the information required to do the event, only how to acquire a piece of equipment that the event supervisors are going to provide at the competition.
My name is illusionist, and I approve of this message.
"When in doubt, agree with the last post.
I agree with illusionist."
"Umm, try looking on Amazon. Or just at Target or a similar retailer. I'm sure if you looked hard enough you'd find a cooking thermometer or something that's that accurate.

I never thought I'd say this in mid-December, but for mid-December, Minnesota's weather is great right now."
"tuftedtitmouse12 wrote:
harryk wrote:
So now we have Christmas colored scioly
we do?

EDIT: I would like a screenshot too..."
"My eyes.

=P"
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jdg5zSLBAb0
Yeah... Pretty much
"Not exactly having to do with eyes or winter etc, BUT
Fox 26 News reported 18 billion gallons of water were lost this year through leaks in HOUSTON... rather alarming....
Check this out::: http://purplepeopleeater97.blogspot.com ... ource.html
you hav to watch the vid that goes with it too.... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GlWVDcdRVUA
here is the Fox article:: http://www.myfoxhouston.com/dpp/news/co ... water-loss"
"3:54 asdffghjytgrfdesdfghwinterbreakujiidrcfjSLEEPrfuirgunh


only 3 more essays *yawn*"
So today my laptop overheated and part of it melted. The charger almost lit on fire. And now it won't charge and keeps shorting out. Aren't these computers just great?
What kind of laptop do you have?!?
"HAPPY NEW YEAR!!!!
don't throw caps lock at me please
Oh, and I have a macbook"
HAPPY NEW yEAR!
It sounds like a war zone outside...
"Awesome. Just like my school computer. Only mine is HP.
HAPPY NEW YEAR!!!"
Happy New Year Everyone!
"Fine, fine. Happy New Year to you all too!

Btw lb, that's why macs suck. =P"
"Happy New Year!

*looks down at the mac book she is using to post this..."
Take it to an Apple store, something like that should be covered, the charger on my old MacBook did start melting/smoking and they replaced it for free(the old MagSafe adapters do not have a good reputation)
THERE'S SNOWWW!!!!!
"HERE TOO! JUST IN TIME FOR 2012!

Also: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=akek6cFRZfY"
Haha, now it feels like winter! And yay, Symphony of Science
"I have about 59 hours 49 minutes and 7 seconds until I have to get on my school bus and head to school again.
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"Snow...don't I wish. We got rain instead, and it was about 50 degrees today - IN JANUARY. (Darn global warming )

And yay, Symphony of Science indeed."
Well, it was snow, but so light there wasn't any accumulation on the ground... but snow is snow, no matter the quantity.
We 'only' got a couple inches (I think... I was never good at estimation), but the flakes were huge and it's relatively warm, so the snow is perfect for playing in.
"I have less. Fun zero period. I have forgotten probably 17% of the Spanish I know over winter break. Ugh.
Also, no snow at all here. What a surprise. I though there was bound to be snow at 75 degrees..."
Realize how many peoples "birthday" is on Jan 1st?
"I've learned two things so far today:
1. My sleep schedule is TOTALLY out of whack. This is a problem because in almost precisely 26 hours I will be going back to school. I should go to bed soon.
2. Applications don't finish when you've been accepted to college... you have to pay for your education somehow. Scholarship apps"
There's accumulated snow! (albeit, only a small amount)
How do you apply for those scholarships? I've heard a lot of high school people are submitting apps for those things these days.
My school has a list of them on Naviance, and I have a (really big) book with a list of them. Requirements vary per application.
I never put my actual birthday online, so I always choose june 6th or Jan1 of any random year (it shows up as 6/6/x6 when I choose the former )
Wonder how many people have it at February 30

School starts tomorrow...I feel like I'm one of the few lucky people who have today off
Me too
"Same here!!!
Of course half of the people on this site love school, so it's not as grand to brag about not having school..."
HA, losers. Our school doesn't start until the 9th.
The site has been down a lot lately...
"Less school == less Science Olympiad. Less Science Olympiad == good?
Kokonilly wrote:
The site has been down a lot lately...
This webpage cannot be displayed."
Au contraire, less school == more time for Science Olympiad!
Okay, so maybe that post was self-defeating. But I'm telling you, it's been having problems!
alas, I shall have no more troubles. I can get a new charger tomorrow.
It has
It is being looked into.
Ha sucks to be you. I don't go back till Jan. 17.
:/
Finally got to this website... :/ It wouldn't load for some odd reason...
"The site's been down inconsistently for awhile. It should be fixed now. If you ever have a question over whether or not the site is down for everyone or just you, try this site: http://www.downforeveryoneorjustme.com/scioly.org

And if it's down for everyone, be aware that the admins probably already know about it and are working on the problem."
We generally know about it when the site is down. If you think that we do not know just send an email to robotmanscioly@gmail.com
I haven't been on here in something like two to three weeks... I feel bad...
Many of you may already have seen this, but I feel compelled to post it here because it's one of the most inspiring things I've ever read: http://www.reddit.com/r/confession/comm ... as/c3d91jl
4 hours on 60 hours. Tiredness is not the best thing in the world.
Sleep is a good thing during the school year, you know. A very good thing. I become practically nocturnal when left to my own devices, but when there's school sleep is nice.
"And you may find that college will completely mess up your sleep cycle. I have started to constantly stay up till two or three in the morning when I have to wake up at nine in the morning.

On a different note, I think that I have been converted to a Google Chrome/Mozilla Firefox user. IE just seems to suck compared to those two."
2 am - 9 am is a luxury in college. Even 3 am - 9 am is nice. At the end of the semester, I was lucky to get 4-5 hours a night.
"my worst days are probably me running on 2.5 to 3 hours, but definitely not more then once a week. I try to get 5.5 normally, and then binge sleep on weekends.

On another note... Memorizing a five page speech a day before you give it is turning out to be a REALLY bad idea"
"I continually get surprised at how little sleep you guys get...I try to go to bed about 10 and I wake up at 7. Minus the hour trying to fall asleep, that's still 8 hours...and I'm still tried after school, so I sleep after school from 3 to 5, the eat dinner, do homework etc. I also binge sleep over the weekend, often getting up at 11...

HOW THE BUTTERFLY CAN YOU GUYS EVEN SURVIVE?!"

"Well, I would probably get more sleep if I were able...but there are three problems with me sleeping consistently.
1) I have mild insomnia.
2) I have a lot to do and not enough time to do it.
3) A lot of times, I just think sleep is a quirk of evolution. read: I think most of the time we sleep is a waste of time in which we could be doing something more productive.

There is no way in all the world that I can fall asleep when I get home. I don't even get home from school until 4, and that's when I don't have any extracurriculars. I don't have the time to sleep anytime other than night.

I can't binge sleep on weekends. My internal alarm clock and my parents won't let me. On average, I go to sleep at about 12:30-1:30 am and wake up at 6 am (it's been a little worse lately read: I've been getting 3-4 hours of sleep per night for the past two weeks, and once or twice 1-2 hours. Please don't ask why.). On weekends, I usually go to sleep around 12-2 am and get up before 9. (Yes, I also realize that I am posting this as 2:31 am.)

I survive. Mostly."
"I don't understand how you can't get at least six or seven hours of sleep, easily. All it takes is good time management skills. I pull in straight A's, and participate in three highly involved extracurricular activities, at least one of which usually requires me to get to school an hour early, not to mention junior year homework and college searches. Most nights I can still manage seven hours of sleep.

Teenagers need at least that much sleep as a minimum. You have to start initiating good time management and sleep habits now, otherwise when you get to high school and the rigorous courses that I figure you'll be taking, you won't get any sleep at all. When you don't get sleep, your grades will suffer. I know most of the reason you stay up so late is probably for schoolwork, or extra-curriculars, but getting less sleep than your body needs will do more harm than good."
"In high school, it shouldn't be that difficult. I never struggled to sleep enough during high school.

Now college on the other hand..."
"I usually get at least 6 hours of sleep a night.
Occasionally, I go for about two weeks sleeping 4-5 hours a night, but after about two weeks I start feeling tired in school and I have trouble waking up early in the morning, so I go back to the 6 hour sleep for about a week or two. This process has repeated itself fairly often.
After regionals (which is usually 2-3 weeks before state) last year, I almost went nocturnal by sleeping about 3-4 hours a nigh for two and a half weeks. Other than that, good time management can get me a good sleep schedule.
You know, there really is no reason to be getting 4-5 hours of sleep EVERY night. When you're tired, as I sometimes find myself being at around midnight, you read about 40% slower and remember a lot less of what you read or study. It's better to compact your studying by first doing homework as soon as you get home, resting for about 15-30 minutes, studying for about an hour, then rest/eat dinner, and study another hour or two before going to bed. That leaves you approximately 4 hours until midnight which you could substitute for extracurricular activities, project nights, or just hobby time. It's up to how you make use of your time."
I'm really wondering what it is in Alabama junior high curriculum that keeps you up past midnight, sometimes to two in the morning.
I also want an answer to that question.
I don't know about nght, but since I am tired after school, I nap for at east 2 hours on mst day, which is why, as a net total I get around 7. Also it depends a lot on my homework load. Sometimes I can go to bed at 8 and get 10 hours of sleep (rare) A middle load results in 5.5 to 6, especially considering I have to get up at 5:30/6 most days. You also have to take into account that I came home at 5:45, so I can't start anything until 6:15, and there is time for unwinding/dinner/other things, and oh yeah, this mysterious concept called "fun" which happens to occur on rare occasions. All accounted, I end up spending 3ish hours on homework, 1 hour on any given extracurricular, and the remainder of my time doing house things. So it really isn't much of a stretch that even middle schoolers get to bed at 11 or midnight. If anything, my middle school teachers gave MORE work than my high school teachers, because I was in a demanding program.
I also want to know why forever starts school at 7:00 in the morning.
I start at 7:10. It's 0 period Spanish I, for people who already have an elective but want to do Spanish I too. That way, I can do orchestra and Spanish I.
"""Congratulations, illusionist. With your total posts of 732 and 4 stars, we\'ve decided to grant you the position of a scioly.org moderator. Welcome!
Click here to accept: http://scioly.org/phpBB3/memberlist.php ... le&u=13303

Btw, this is all a joke. I\'m just really bored right now................ hence the fact I actually looked all this up >.>"""
Lolwut?
Apparently he said JimR sent him that.
"illusionist wrote:

I also want an answer to that question.
tornado guy wrote:

I also want to know why forever starts school at 7:00 in the morning.
Zero period starts at 7:00, and quite a few students at our school take it. It's for those who would like to take Spanish/jazz band, but don't want to sacrifice some course for it.
There really is nothing in the curriculum (nor any combination of things) that would keep a regular student up past midnight (unless you're someone trying to keep his/her 105 GPA polished up and looking good, which is about nobody), except for maybe the odd project or two, which the nerds tend to finish with time left over. But, since our school has a tendency to make it to nationals like every year, a few of us tend to prepare for nats early on. That's usually what keeps me up past midnight. Sometimes, our English teacher gets a little homework happy ( ) and gives us an assignment involving art. On top of all other things, artistic homework takes forever (for me), so something like that may keep a person up.
We've had some teammates have close brushes with national titles in the past, but I don't think we've ever actually had a gold medalist in a study event before. We've had a silver though (not bad for the deep south).
foreverphysics is NOT your typical specimen of a student. More like more-intellectual-than-most-people-can-imagine-or-feel-comfortable-with."
"Wait, most people don't have normal first period at 7:05?
It's 10:58, and I'm still doing my Exploravision project. We have to hand them in tomorrow, and I'm waiting on my partner's bibliography.
/puts Colt M1911 in mouth"
I am currently playing Pokemon Blue for a paper.
"Sounds fun.
I'm currently finishing my mineral physical identification/physical properties section of my binder. ***Stares at bed***"
"1. Red is better. GO GO MESIGNO!
2. I'm jealous.
3. Could I see this paper when you're done?"
I miss pokemon red
Sure, if I'm happy with it It's a critical review; I'm also reviewing Gold/Silver (haven't acquired either one yet ) and Sapphire (which was my first game).
"Emerald was my first game. Oh the memories
Training my Pokemon while in the car...
Getting all excited when my Pokemon evolve...
Gambling in the Game Corner (those coins were so expensive)...
Pressing ""A"" at every rock in hope of getting a rare item...
Defeating Rayquaza (not catching it), in belief that it would give my Skeptile some kind of super power...
Using the cloning glitch to produce lots of Rare Candy's...
Playing over wifi with my friends...
I've logged in 600+ hours into that game. I was obsessed with it as a kid.

I can't seem to find my Red. It's too bad, playing with missing no. and the glitch world was so fun."
Is it bad that our team still hasn't been chosen yet?
Don't worry, EFO. Our team is facing the same dilemma as you are... >.<
Our teams arent' chosen until about two weeks before regionals.
It's January and your teams haven't even been chosen yet O-o
"Don't worry, competition isn't until Feb. 25th.
Yeah, we have it pretty late.
I feel like I need to study like crazy for some reason. But then again, don't we all?

Just a question to all of you, how many events are you doing? How many do you hope to succeed in?"
I am competing in five, but I don't hope to succeed in any of them. I'm sorry; I had to... it was just such a silly question to me.
"Um, dearest, our Regionals are earlier than the vast majority of the country...
Although our teams do get selected late. But you can't blame our coach...our Regionals schedule doesn't come out early enough, methinks. Plus, with over 150 people to put into teams...
I want to study so much, but there's just not enough TIME...
SciBomb97 wrote:
Sometimes, our English teacher gets a little homework happy ( ) and gives us an assignment involving art. On top of all other things, artistic homework takes forever (for me), so something like that may keep a person up.
We've had some teammates have close brushes with national titles in the past, but I don't think we've ever actually had a gold medalist in a study event before. We've had a silver though (not bad for the deep south).
foreverphysics is NOT your typical specimen of a student. More like more-intellectual-than-most-people-can-imagine-or-feel-comfortable-with.
The only reason artistic homework takes you forever is because you're a dang perfectionist. I am quite sure your language teacher doesn't expect that good of art. And you're really good at art, even without the whole every-line-must-be-perfection deal.
Thank you for that last line. You flatter me.

What's all this Pokemon talk? Isn't Pokemon just Pokemon? You know, it involves a yellow chipmunk with a tail of furry lightning repeatedly jumping out of a red-and-white ping pong ball?"
So are you saying that you don't hope to, but you *know* you will?
Oh, it's spelled missing no.? It's been sooooo long I thought it was different. And yeah I've put way too much time into pokemon games as well, koko. 600+ hours sounds close. Same with the time I've put into Final Fantasy IX alone (That's what my picture is from. Vivi is my favorite character)
"That's hilarious no, it actually is, this isn't sarcasm!
foreverphysics wrote:
What's all this Pokemon talk? Isn't Pokemon just Pokemon? You know, it involves a yellow chipmunk with a tail of furry lightning repeatedly jumping out of a red-and-white ping pong ball?
That's even more hilarious. :|"
"Me hases wellest grammars than yous does.
I know this is bad grammar. That's the point."
That's okay forever, I know just about as much of pokemon as you do
"Actually, it looked like German for a second. Jus' sayin'.

(This is what knowledge of Norwegian does to you, for some reason.)"
"I currently have 6? on my lineup for the coming invitational on January 28. But I haven't finalized lineups, because Solo and Ensemble is that day and we're going to lose people and the schedule isn't out yet, so it looks like I'm slated to probably end up with about 9, maybe even 10 (that would be scary).
I'd hope to succeed in all of them, but I haven't started studying yet, so...
EpicFailOlympian wrote:
Is it bad that our team still hasn't been chosen yet?
Neither has ours, and we only have maybe 20 people to pick from; our invitational setup (which sends 2 teams) isn't even final yet."
"9 events!?!?!
Dat, my friend, eez rediculous."
This is winner we're talking about. Don't be surprised.
What? I don't get what you mean...
Well, if you knew winner...
Dunno who winner is. Maybe you could enlighten me?
"The person with nine events. winneratlife == winner*

*Depending on how loose your definition of winner is."
There's a difference between a 'loose definition' and 'lying'.
Well, I have been enlightened in the art of reading usernames. Thank you all.
"TheDictionary wrote:
winner |ˈwinər|
noun
a person or thing that wins something : a Nobel Prize winner.
• a goal or shot that wins a winner or point.
• Bridge a card that can be relied on to win a trick.""
• informal a thing that is a success or is likely to be successful : the changes failed to make the soap opera a winner."
Lolz
"Ugh, I seriously need a long weekend. Preferably before Stoga...ohwait, Stoga is THIS WEEKEND.

Feeling mildly depressed is not helping with my studying. *sigh*"
"You are both terrible, terrible people. I hate you Koko.
AlphaTauri wrote:
Feeling mildly depressed is not helping with my studying. *sigh*
Since you mentioned it, that means you likely want people to ask. What's wrong?"
If it makes you happier, you had the 11111th post in this thread, Alpha.
Ah, not much. Just typical moody-teenager-ness. That, and it hit me how much stuff I still have to get done...not just for SO, but District Orchestra...and school...and...bleh.
poor alpha
CA glue on your tongue is not a pleasant experience.
"But not me, right?
illusionist wrote:
CA glue on your tongue is not a pleasant experience.
How did you come to this conclusion?"
That might help you.
The link in my sig is NOT spam. It is official proof that Canadia is real. And it isn't anymore xd
Honestly, whenever someone says "such-in-such IS NOT SPAM" I get suspicious...
this post is not spam
Is it a bad thing that I have been hoping that two of my roommates got kicked out of school over break?
Guarantee it's better than in the eyes.
Wow. Never in my life have I seen anything so strange (and strangely awesome) as an auditorium full of 400 science nerds dancing to party rock anthem. That pretty much made my life.
The dance at the National Tournament was a similar sight
Yeah. It was just made that much better by the fact that we were all (more or less) synchronized. Here's to hoping I'l be at this year's National Tournament dance...
"Tell that to my coach's son. He squeezed CA into his eyes thinking it was saline solution.
I do believe he has gotten it onto his tongue before as well.
Luo wrote:
butter side up wrote:
Wow. Never in my life have I seen anything so strange (and strangely awesome) as an auditorium full of 400 science nerds dancing to party rock anthem. That pretty much made my life.
The dance at the National Tournament was a similar sight
I want to see that this year...I swing danced two years ago at UIC Nats, with this C Divisioner from NY, but...I don't think it matches up to this caliber of nerdy dancing. I wanna see it..."
Like most PA and NY people, I had an invitational yesterday (just with something like 14 teams from the region and 11 events). My Disease and Rocks tests were straight off the test exchange with only minor alterations - and I was holding off on practicing with test exchange tests until after regions.
Yes. It was SO much win. I personally enjoyed the censoring the game employed on the song.
"The event coordinator of GV brought his mom there, who seemed to know a bit more about the event than he did: ""Yes, mom, I KNOW!""
Never fails to make my day when a 30+ year old says that."
Snow has arrived Winter is welcomed!
"Greenbay packers vs New york giants... (not that I follow football, of course..)

personally, I'll be rooting for greenbay, even though they creamed the chicago bears..."
"BBC Sherlock.
The Reichenbach Fall.
It
Was
So
GOOD
AAHHH"
No Wikipedia tomorrow. What will the world do?
What do you mean? Wikipedia works fine...
"tuftedtitmouse12 wrote:
What do you mean? Wikipedia works fine...
TOMORROW! he said tomorrow. NOT TODAY.
see http://bit.ly/x7BDBf for more details."
"My crazy friend wishes to sympathize with you. (This does not come from my mouth, merely from the mouth of my slightly insane friend sitting next to me who wishes me to post in response to you because she doesn't have a scioly account.)
*laptop steal* OMJ I KNOW I HAVE FANGIRL ANGST!!! DANG IT PRODUCERS!!!! *gives laptop back*
Are you done now, RL? Thank you."
I am so hungry... And yes! The 49ers have done it!
English is often a boring class...
I agree (though this year has been better because of Greek mythology).
WHEN DOES THIS END?!?!?!?!
It is. Good God, but SciBomb, did you ever get tired of Mrs. J's voice like I do? I hope you do. That would mean I'm not alone in thinking things like this...
"COLLEGE SPAM. GAH. THE LIKELIHOOD THAT I WILL APPLY IS INVERSELY PROPORTIONAL TO THE AMOUNT OF CRAP YOU SEND ME.

In other news, tomorrow shall be quite an interesting day, sans Wikipedia. I only wish that more well-known sites were participating in the protest, since it's really an issue that affects everyone."
this better not participate in the protest.
Oh, no! Google Broke! http://mrdoob.com/projects/chromeexperi ... e_gravity/
"Welcome to the wonderful world of college searches.
AlphaTauri wrote:
In other news, tomorrow shall be quite an interesting day, sans Wikipedia. I only wish that more well-known sites were participating in the protest, since it's really an issue that affects everyone.
I'm against SOPA, but I wish people would read the actual legislation to make their opinions rather than base it off articles that may have completely misinterpreted the bill."
"Where did dogs come from?" "Wolves!" "And where did wolves come from?" "Canada!" Oh goodness, Biology was so hilarious today.
"This and Google and Facebook totally should. My productivity would skyrocket!
zyzzyva98 wrote:
AlphaTauri wrote:
COLLEGE SPAM. GAH. THE LIKELIHOOD THAT I WILL APPLY IS INVERSELY PROPORTIONAL TO THE AMOUNT OF CRAP YOU SEND ME
Welcome to the wonderful world of college searches.
Ugh, no kidding. I should clean out my inbox sometime... and throw away a ton of college mail..."
Less than three hours til Wikipedia shall black out...this should be interesting to watch
I don't think I'm going to survive I guess I could just use a translator to read say, the Spanish version
"The same things is true to all spam, i.e. for political candidates. But how could spam exist? It's perfectly counterproductive to it's very means...

Oh yes, our team STILL hasn't been picked yet. Is it too early to start studying?"
You'll survive, but...
Never too early to start studying!
You got your wish
Wow. I never thought I would see the day where I could not use Facebook or Google the same day. And because Wikipedia is doing this, I can't complete my research today.
"Google still works...
Also, Wikipedia worked for me for about ~30 minutes before blacking out. At 8:17 am...somehow, I don't think that was supposed to happen."
In a way.
"Wait, what? Facebook is down? XD
Happy day for my classmates, then."
Yeah it blacked out for me as soon as I went to go start researching. I don't know, but I feel that they would participate in this protest.
"At around 1:30 am I woke up and wikipedia still worked
Here is a list of sites that are blacking out
http://activepolitic.com:82/News/2012-0 ... ckout.html"
Dang thats alot of sites. So I am guessing you can choose to black yourself out on facebook or something like that.
Ahhh.... The irony is killing me. I can't reply and send the forms regarding the censorship bills because of the filters on my school's network.
Just like what China has been doing... >.<
Oh please. It's not like anyone in China has the time to surf the Internet anyways.
"We now have 100,000 views
Yea America decided to be like China because we have all our jobs there anyway and borrow their money."
Not just that. But they've covered up things that might give the government a bad rep. Didn't you hear of the train wreck around spring or summer of last year? But no, I'll bet you didn't. It never leaked out of china. Because the officials wouldn't. They were afraid people would think bad of china. But why shouldn't it spill out if the wreck was caused by the government in the first place? Why do they have to spread these ugly rumors to hide the gruesome truth?
"To get around the wikipedia issue:

1. right before the screen blacks out, press ""prt sc"" or ""print screen"". on your keyboard. then paste to paint/ms word. u might have time so scroll down too.

2. right before the screen blacks out, press ""cntrl"" and ""a"" on your keyboard at the same time. Then press ""cntrl"" and ""c"" at the same time.
cntrl-a highlights the whole page text, while cntrl-c copies it.

Both methods produce not-high-quality stuff, but if you're really desperate they should work."
"mnstrviola wrote:
To get around the wikipedia issue:

1. right before the screen blacks out, press ""prt sc"" or ""print screen"". on your keyboard. then paste to paint/ms word. u might have time so scroll down too.

2. right before the screen blacks out, press ""cntrl"" and ""a"" on your keyboard at the same time. Then press ""cntrl"" and ""c"" at the same time.
cntrl-a highlights the whole page text, while cntrl-c copies it.

Both methods produce not-high-quality stuff, but if you're really desperate they should work.
Or just go to another language. Or disable Javascript (not my idea)."
"Or you could just google ""___________ wiki"" and use the google cache. Best way. Unless you really think the page you're looking for has been revamped in the past 18 hours.
49ers wrote:
Littleboy wrote:
At around 1:30 am I woke up and wikipedia still worked
Here is a list of sites that are blacking out
http://activepolitic.com:82/News/2012-0 ... ckout.html
Dang thats alot of sites. So I am guessing you can choose to black yourself out on facebook or something like that.
You can't. I just checked some of the facebooks and they weren't blacked out; it seems facebook has blocked that capability. You can, however, on tumblr. I did!"
"You guys suck at getting around Wikipedia's blackout. All you had to do was click the button that stops loading the page as soon as you got the text, before it disappeared.

I expect better.

Screenshots? Really?"
"This is a much better idea


There's also simple wiki too-
http://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/Main_Page"
I tried that earlier; it can be hard to time it properly if your computer is fast enough.
just add ?banner=none to the end of the url
Just hit the Esc key wildly once you click on the target link.
LOL, sooooo ummm, who else has been blacking out their tumblrs/other since like, November? It's just so funny to see everyone flip out and stuff, haha. (although I've probably been hated on by my followers since then cause I don't think people knew to click the screen to just get out of the blackout before today)
OMG! IT WORKS! THANK GODS
I think the Esc method is easiest.
Agreed. Thanks, Luo
*envys your fast computer*
You mean our library's 5 year old machines?
Esc doesn't work on any macs.
*envys your fast internet connection*
Better
Thank gosh that banner is gone
Hmmm...I'm running an i7 3.4 ghz quad core, 8 gigs RAM, on a 600 mbps (no, that's not a typo) connection, pipelining enabled in the browser, and I still had time to hit the stop button.
Maybe I have bad timing
About .4 seconds passed before the blackout message appeared (at least for me). It was probably intentional.
You just leaked it. Congrats.
Foreverphysics, it's the truth.
"Scioly conversation Storm the Castle projectiles
""I have a lot of balls.""
""That's what she said!"""
I have an IB meeting soon. Wish me good luck...
"I knew you'd do IB.
Just a word of caution, I've heard from a student that IB restricts your choice of course A LOT. You really can't take the science courses you want to, and you must take them in a specific order. I think I'll just double up on sciences and get into a few AP classes."
I like trains.
"It really depends on what school you go to.
At the school I'm transferring to, you MUST take bio pre-IB in 9th if you want to get into the IB program. Then you are free to choose what science you want next."
Gah, was in the televised room for a quiz bowl round today, and it felt like I was dying from thirst Tons of fun though.
"Cool! I was in the same room last year for the state tournament. Haverstall and Kokonilly were there too. Fun times.

Looks like we have another Minnesotan addicted to the forums, and finally a person from neither Mounds View nor Eastview! Welcome!"
IB is not that bad...ಠ_ಠ
I watched your round, Allinea (sorry, that's creepy)! Ah, quiz bowl and Science Olympiad, bringing so many people together. Fun times indeed. I competed in the TV room after you. How'd you guys do overall? (And yes; welcome!)
"There isn't an AP physics course at the high school (WHY?!?!) so actually, IB offers all the science courses you can take. IB Bio and IB Chem is about all. I'll be doing IB, doubling up in science, and doing many AP classes. Since I plan on taking PreCal next year second semester and finishing up Spanish junior year first semester or so, it's doable

You need to do IB, SciBomb. You're too smart not to..."
"You're doing AP and IB? at the same time?

(how is that possible!?)"
"The whole IB thing isn't about the smart and not smart, it's about those who have the time and those who don't. Also, it is not the best thing for those with a specific subject they like.
So you plan on taking the test to get into PreCal next year? Normally I'd say that's ridiculous.
When you say you plan on taking ""many AP classes,"" you seem not to get the whole IB concept. ALL of your classes are AP level or harder. You are expected to take IB English, Spanish 105, IB History, IB CalculusAB and BC, a science, and the rest of the elective credits. Unless you use one of your electives to take a science, you'll be restricted to doing exactly what the IB course of study dictates.
AP physics is not offered at the high school because, as your sig says, 99% of the world pretend to know a little bit of physics, and it's only the other 1% that actually knows anything, and they know too much already. 1% of the students is not enough to make an AP physics class."
AP Physics is one of my favorite classes, and approximately 8% of my graduating class is in it (just a ballpark estimate).
"@SciBomb
I know, I know...ugh.
You remember when you said that you hated it when I was right? Well, I hate it when you're right.
I think if I can schedule it in, I should be able to do it. But, you know...
Also, you say, ""So you plan on taking the test to get into PreCal next year? Normally I'd say that's ridiculous."" Pray tell me, why aren't you saying it's ridiculous, then?
I want an AP physics class so badly..."
Yeah, that's pretty much true for China, North Korea, Vietnam and all. Though the CCP is the most diligent about keeping things under wrap; Viet people can still get past VCP blocks XD
2win, but China takes it to the extreme...
Just a typical pre-invitational night... I have to be awake in three hours. I see no end in sight to my work.
"Well I'm still up. Except we're being distracted by video games. Kinda productive?

I am attempting to read Thermo notes though."
I'm still up too... I should be at school in an hour.
well i just got up, and I need to be at school in 15 min
This is my first post ever.
Congrats, you are now officially a
"Next week will be busy...

Anyhow, this weekend will be busy...probably gain a few pounds eating at all these Chinese restaurants..."
Headaches are terrible. Especially the ones that always throb.
Speaking of headaches, I've had them for the past two days... >.<
"You know, high fever, headache, and stiff neck are all symptoms of bacterial meningitis.
It's very highly unlikely that you have meningitis, although if you do, it's pretty serious.
Hmm...I must sound pretty scary right now
I remember that throbbing headaches were a symptom of some other disease, but I forget which one it was."
I KNOW!! I loved it but I was so sad at the end, poor John!!
Mhm. The episode was...
You know, it almost sounds like you're concerned for me. NO ONE is ever concerned for me, though, so I must be hallucinating.
"Tennoc modnar yliad ym si siht.
(its backwards)"
You spelled comment wrongಠ▃ಠ
"Okay, a little RANT.
Final grades went in today. I've known for a while, but I ended up with a 3.88 unweighted grade this semester (2 A-s :/). I'm just so so mad at myself for not studying more for a certain test, or doing better on an essay. But besides that, I've accepted that I can't get a 4.0 forever... and here's proof. However, I told my parents and all they could do was frown. Really? Really? I brought my grade up 2 whole percents by ACING the Calc AB final, and went from a C+ to an A- in AP english, but I told them that and they just retorted, ""Well, colleges won't like this.""

On top of that, there goes my vally-d status. Our school selects the top student to be published in the newspaper, and I have had that in mind throughout my high school career. And now it's going to go to this one indian kid, who has the kindest heart, but seriously... we were neck-in-neck. I slipped. People know we're both smart, but I'm always a tier under him. Life sucks sometimes, because I'm bummed about grades. Ehhhhh what can you do. D:"
Nerds: Even when we lose, we win.
"...

'There are three stages in your reintegration,' said O'Brien. 'There is learning, there is understanding, and there is acceptance. It is time for you to enter upon the second stage.'

Getting 2 A-'s wont be worth stressing for. You still have a average of a 3.9 overall. THAT IS GOOD. Good good good good Just do better next semester and your senior year. Guess what? This will not stop you from going to college and do all that cool stuff. Also, consider that ACT's and SAT and AP stuff matters too. No one will care ____ about what you did in highschool after college. Now, I'm pretty sure that Indian kid isn't perfect too. Seriously, your results will equate to as much effort you put in times your aptitude/ability. R = E*A <--- There, put it on Wikipedia and name it efo's formula. Now, pretty sure you can't upgrade your brain, but you certainly work harder. He may have the high score of a million R - points, but on battlefield the highscorer changes daily.

Is your parents any chance is of Asian decent or a Caucasian with strong a Catholic background? I can relate….

EDIT: Why does Kanye West hate Taylor Swift?"
I got into college with a non-3.9 GPA and not being in the top 10 in the class. You will be just fine.
And Koko got into Stanford. Come now. It's not like grades don't matter, but A-'s really are fine for colleges. Don't fret. My parents are like that too, but I've learned to just do the best that I can and please myself, not my parents.
Just throwing this out there...there will come a time in the not-so-near future when nobody will ask to see your high school transcript ever again. You cannot take it with you wherever you choose to go after high school (except any AP/IB credit, but that's not what I mean). Tabula rasa.
"The thing about grades is that if you feel bad about them, there is nothing else that will make you happy.
If you get a bad grade on something, try not to be mad at it. Instead, think about how you can do better next time. Being mad about something that's already done is no use. When you get feedback on work, it's for you to see your areas of improvement need, not to make you feel bad (even though some teachers have that motive)."
Don't even be upset with A- grades. I'm a B+/A student (with the occasional B in math) and even I got into college. Don't sweat.
"I just want to go to my state school which is not extremely competitive (about 50% admit), so I don't even understand my parents Yes, they are most definitely Asian. And Catholic... best of both worlds? They seem to forget that I'm going to pay for my own tuition, as well... Just a little bitter about not getting a little more recognition for my efforts, even if I could have done better.

Thanks for your words, everyone. Going to press the refresh button, study more, and stop lurking on college confidential . Plus, invitational next week (is it weird that SciOly makes me happier than any sport/club/volunteerwork?)"
College Confidential is the place where self-esteem goes to die. Don't go there!
"I'm also preparing for an invitational for this weekend in fact. Wright State. Anyone here going? I'M SO PUMPED. Time to test out my new note sheet for Forensics and run through a new powder-ID'ing method. xD

And no, it's not weird that SciOly makes you happy, Teal. It makes ME quite happy. Despite all the work I put in, it's FUN work."
Question: does anyone else watch BBC Sherlock?
"Not going to school because you're sick is pretty awesome, especially when all you do is sit around and read about HeLa cells.

No, but my friends do, so I know a bit about it."
Have you read The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks? Super good.
So me and my brother are in Sounds together and our first competition is on saturday and... his instrument isn't finished... and he won't have time to finish it... /facedesk......
"...I don't think my team is even running a pair for Sounds... my alternate team seems to be though

Each team is 7 people fml"
will you be at clio? and ouch 7?
"Seven people on a team doesn't sound fun at all...each would have to do 6-7 events, which is rather stressful, to fill all available competitor spots, or else go it alone on some events, which is bad as well because long tests would be really overwhelming with the time limit. That being said, sometimes you're basically alone even with an event partner because said event partner is completely useless except for distracting/annoying other teams. >.>

Of course, THAT being said, I've seen schools do well at invites even with undermanned teams, but it's mostly big powerhouse teams who can pull that off."
"OH MY GOD. I'VE WAITED YEARS FOR THIS MOMENT. IT'S FINALLY HERE.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=pl ... uHmEo0Bx7Q"
"Yep, that's what I was reading. I love how dedicated a reporter the author is - it really is a great story.
AlphaTauri wrote:
Seven people on a team doesn't sound fun at all...each would have to do 6-7 events, which is rather stressful, to fill all available competitor spots, or else go it alone on some events, which is bad as well because long tests would be really overwhelming with the time limit.
I did six events at my last invite and plan to continue doing so. It's not that bad... but seven people on a team must be awful. I think both of our teams have about 10 people right now."
Great. Just great. I get to do the vast majority of my events now without a partner. I am so screwed in Optics. I was counting on SciBomb as my partner...
Sci bomb! How dare you!
recruit tomoto
The slight issue there is I don't think tomato would appreciate me taking him away from his team very much...also the fact that tornado doesn't DO Optics. The pain of trying to teach someone Optics in four weeks...
Except I'd get to skip school to go fly down to Auburn every day
Just so that you guys know, I still think that foreverphysics is better at optics than I am. But he/she doesn't think so.
"I'm better? You're kidding...just wait until Regs when you get a gold medal and I don't...
But still, thanks for the compliment.

They know I'm a girl. I made a point of it. If there's one thing that I can't stand, it's people mistaking me for a guy. EVERYONE here knows I'm a girl, just as everyone here knows you're a boy."
"My identity has been revealed!!!
Just kidding."
Forever revealed you to me long ago... So no worries
How do you not know what forever is?
"I only use the he/she for the discretion of others.
Trust me, I know foreverphysics. She's on our SO team."
"Trust me, SciBomb, everyone knows we're on the same team. It's pretty obvious. You're not hiding anything...
Littleboy was just being Littleboy, sardonic and nitpicky to the last."

The Regionals schedule has finally come out. I can now safely PANIC.
I have a Q. maybe NC just dose it weird, but isn't the schedule four periods? So how can you do 5 or 6 events?
"NC is weird. Of course, AL and the whole Deep South is weird too, but that's irrelevant.

Anyways, every competition I've ever been to has had six time slots - probably modelled after the way Nationals does it. I think nearly all places schedule this way, although I know that NY States has something quirky with some events being run the night before the main competition or sommat like that?

And for the sake of argument, it's technically possible to do 5 or 6 events even with a 4-slot schedule. If you have lots of builds, those can be done in 10-15 minutes at competition and therefore you can do more than one event per slot. Still not advisable, since builds are lots of work, but it's possible..."
Depends on the competition - Minnesota regions only has three time slots. And yes, it is very possible to do 5+ events with <=5 time slots. Just ask Dox.
That's a slightly different situation, though, since Minnesota regionals only run 12 events. Half the number of events, half the number of time slots.
Thanxs! NC also changes a bunch of events around as well. For instance I have Heredity. Gotta NC!
Doing Astronomy without a laptop... I'd be helpless! *shudder*
nous aimons le lune
"Astro without a laptop? That's the stuff nightmares are made of...binders don't have Ctrl + F. They may, however, have a feature where you yell some rather nasty words beginning with the letter ""f"" in frustration. :P

Plus they're just bulky, especially if you have so much info in them that they become cube-shaped. *cough*Penncrest*cough*"
Ah, binders... *stares dreamily off into space* *has never done Astronomy*
"Speaking of laptops in Astronomy, has anyone ever made use of the part in the rules that says each team member can bring a laptop? My brother and I did that at state last year; apparently, that's what people remember us for, though my current partner doesn't bring any sort of notes at all.

Also, speaking of brothers, we're doing WWII projects in my APUSH class right now. I was just putting the final touches on my poster when my little brother asked me what was so special about Bergen-Belsen. When I explained to him that Anne Frank died there, he asked me who she was. *facepalms*"
So apparently my coach is going to make me skip my two FAVORITE events. They are also the events I am best at. Wtf?!
"I hope the last letter of your ""Wtf"" stands for ""fruit.""
Let me guess, he's not letting you do optics?"
"It actually stands for ""frick"". You're doing Optics instead. You and JG. Hmph.
Apparently I am also not going to to do MP, replacing those two events with Forestry...and also apparently doing Anat by myself (I have no idea how that's going to work out)."
Filler
I just dislike ID events in general.
I liked ornithology last year... The difference between a Northern Cardinal and a Blue Jay is much easier to tell than the difference between the Jack Pine and the Virginia Pine...
nous aimons le lune
"Astro without a laptop? That's the stuff nightmares are made of...binders don't have Ctrl + F. They may, however, have a feature where you yell some rather nasty words beginning with the letter ""f"" in frustration. :P

Plus they're just bulky, especially if you have so much info in them that they become cube-shaped. *cough*Penncrest*cough*"
Ah, binders... *stares dreamily off into space* *has never done Astronomy*
"Speaking of laptops in Astronomy, has anyone ever made use of the part in the rules that says each team member can bring a laptop? My brother and I did that at state last year; apparently, that's what people remember us for, though my current partner doesn't bring any sort of notes at all.

Also, speaking of brothers, we're doing WWII projects in my APUSH class right now. I was just putting the final touches on my poster when my little brother asked me what was so special about Bergen-Belsen. When I explained to him that Anne Frank died there, he asked me who she was. *facepalms*"
So apparently my coach is going to make me skip my two FAVORITE events. They are also the events I am best at. Wtf?!
"I hope the last letter of your ""Wtf"" stands for ""fruit.""
Let me guess, he's not letting you do optics?"
"It actually stands for ""frick"". You're doing Optics instead. You and JG. Hmph.
Apparently I am also not going to to do MP, replacing those two events with Forestry...and also apparently doing Anat by myself (I have no idea how that's going to work out)."
Filler
I just dislike ID events in general.
I liked ornithology last year... The difference between a Northern Cardinal and a Blue Jay is much easier to tell than the difference between the Jack Pine and the Virginia Pine...
nous aimons le lune
"Astro without a laptop? That's the stuff nightmares are made of...binders don't have Ctrl + F. They may, however, have a feature where you yell some rather nasty words beginning with the letter ""f"" in frustration. :P

Plus they're just bulky, especially if you have so much info in them that they become cube-shaped. *cough*Penncrest*cough*"
Ah, binders... *stares dreamily off into space* *has never done Astronomy*
"Speaking of laptops in Astronomy, has anyone ever made use of the part in the rules that says each team member can bring a laptop? My brother and I did that at state last year; apparently, that's what people remember us for, though my current partner doesn't bring any sort of notes at all.

Also, speaking of brothers, we're doing WWII projects in my APUSH class right now. I was just putting the final touches on my poster when my little brother asked me what was so special about Bergen-Belsen. When I explained to him that Anne Frank died there, he asked me who she was. *facepalms*"
So apparently my coach is going to make me skip my two FAVORITE events. They are also the events I am best at. Wtf?!
"I hope the last letter of your ""Wtf"" stands for ""fruit.""
Let me guess, he's not letting you do optics?"
"It actually stands for ""frick"". You're doing Optics instead. You and JG. Hmph.
Apparently I am also not going to to do MP, replacing those two events with Forestry...and also apparently doing Anat by myself (I have no idea how that's going to work out)."
Filler
I just dislike ID events in general.
I liked ornithology last year... The difference between a Northern Cardinal and a Blue Jay is much easier to tell than the difference between the Jack Pine and the Virginia Pine...
nous aimons le lune
"Astro without a laptop? That's the stuff nightmares are made of...binders don't have Ctrl + F. They may, however, have a feature where you yell some rather nasty words beginning with the letter ""f"" in frustration. :P

Plus they're just bulky, especially if you have so much info in them that they become cube-shaped. *cough*Penncrest*cough*"
Ah, binders... *stares dreamily off into space* *has never done Astronomy*
"Speaking of laptops in Astronomy, has anyone ever made use of the part in the rules that says each team member can bring a laptop? My brother and I did that at state last year; apparently, that's what people remember us for, though my current partner doesn't bring any sort of notes at all.

Also, speaking of brothers, we're doing WWII projects in my APUSH class right now. I was just putting the final touches on my poster when my little brother asked me what was so special about Bergen-Belsen. When I explained to him that Anne Frank died there, he asked me who she was. *facepalms*"
So apparently my coach is going to make me skip my two FAVORITE events. They are also the events I am best at. Wtf?!
"I hope the last letter of your ""Wtf"" stands for ""fruit.""
Let me guess, he's not letting you do optics?"
"It actually stands for ""frick"". You're doing Optics instead. You and JG. Hmph.
Apparently I am also not going to to do MP, replacing those two events with Forestry...and also apparently doing Anat by myself (I have no idea how that's going to work out)."
Filler
I just dislike ID events in general.
I liked ornithology last year... The difference between a Northern Cardinal and a Blue Jay is much easier to tell than the difference between the Jack Pine and the Virginia Pine...
nous aimons le lune
"Astro without a laptop? That's the stuff nightmares are made of...binders don't have Ctrl + F. They may, however, have a feature where you yell some rather nasty words beginning with the letter ""f"" in frustration. :P

Plus they're just bulky, especially if you have so much info in them that they become cube-shaped. *cough*Penncrest*cough*"
Ah, binders... *stares dreamily off into space* *has never done Astronomy*
"Speaking of laptops in Astronomy, has anyone ever made use of the part in the rules that says each team member can bring a laptop? My brother and I did that at state last year; apparently, that's what people remember us for, though my current partner doesn't bring any sort of notes at all.

Also, speaking of brothers, we're doing WWII projects in my APUSH class right now. I was just putting the final touches on my poster when my little brother asked me what was so special about Bergen-Belsen. When I explained to him that Anne Frank died there, he asked me who she was. *facepalms*"
So apparently my coach is going to make me skip my two FAVORITE events. They are also the events I am best at. Wtf?!
"I hope the last letter of your ""Wtf"" stands for ""fruit.""
Let me guess, he's not letting you do optics?"
"It actually stands for ""frick"". You're doing Optics instead. You and JG. Hmph.
Apparently I am also not going to to do MP, replacing those two events with Forestry...and also apparently doing Anat by myself (I have no idea how that's going to work out)."
Filler
I just dislike ID events in general.
I liked ornithology last year... The difference between a Northern Cardinal and a Blue Jay is much easier to tell than the difference between the Jack Pine and the Virginia Pine...
Wholehearted agreement here... and they don't let us have binders!
I defiantly agree about forestry and ornithology! I loved ornth!
"I actually like Forestry. I'm hoping I can do it at States.

*holds up a shield to protect self from getting pelted in bird droppings and feathers*"
"But leaves have slimy stuff on them, and don't forget all those bugs... *shudder*

Which reminds me...when Forestry is done, there is no way I'm doing entomology..."
"Events: Water Quality, RFTS, R&M, Storm the Castle
I am OBSESSED with any type of astronomy event! :D:D"
Today at the Knowledge Bowl tournament there were questions on Anatomy, Rocks and Minerals, Forestry, and Fossils.
"Starting track next week... so excited to start running again! (:
Any athletes here?"
Cross Country
Dance! I dance at least five hours a week, with ballet 2.5 hours a week, modern 1 hour a week, and dance company at least 1.5 hours. Also, I have PE 3.75 hours a week, but it's more like 2.5 hours with getting changed and all.
It seems as if my number of events has just been upped to eight. I never asked to do Keep the Heat, so why am I suddenly in it?
Wholehearted agreement here... and they don't let us have binders!
I defiantly agree about forestry and ornithology! I loved ornth!
"I actually like Forestry. I'm hoping I can do it at States.

*holds up a shield to protect self from getting pelted in bird droppings and feathers*"
"But leaves have slimy stuff on them, and don't forget all those bugs... *shudder*

Which reminds me...when Forestry is done, there is no way I'm doing entomology..."
"Events: Water Quality, RFTS, R&M, Storm the Castle
I am OBSESSED with any type of astronomy event! :D:D"
Today at the Knowledge Bowl tournament there were questions on Anatomy, Rocks and Minerals, Forestry, and Fossils.
"Starting track next week... so excited to start running again! (:
Any athletes here?"
Cross Country
Dance! I dance at least five hours a week, with ballet 2.5 hours a week, modern 1 hour a week, and dance company at least 1.5 hours. Also, I have PE 3.75 hours a week, but it's more like 2.5 hours with getting changed and all.
It seems as if my number of events has just been upped to eight. I never asked to do Keep the Heat, so why am I suddenly in it?
Wholehearted agreement here... and they don't let us have binders!
I defiantly agree about forestry and ornithology! I loved ornth!
"I actually like Forestry. I'm hoping I can do it at States.

*holds up a shield to protect self from getting pelted in bird droppings and feathers*"
"But leaves have slimy stuff on them, and don't forget all those bugs... *shudder*

Which reminds me...when Forestry is done, there is no way I'm doing entomology..."
"Events: Water Quality, RFTS, R&M, Storm the Castle
I am OBSESSED with any type of astronomy event! :D:D"
Today at the Knowledge Bowl tournament there were questions on Anatomy, Rocks and Minerals, Forestry, and Fossils.
"Starting track next week... so excited to start running again! (:
Any athletes here?"
Cross Country
Dance! I dance at least five hours a week, with ballet 2.5 hours a week, modern 1 hour a week, and dance company at least 1.5 hours. Also, I have PE 3.75 hours a week, but it's more like 2.5 hours with getting changed and all.
It seems as if my number of events has just been upped to eight. I never asked to do Keep the Heat, so why am I suddenly in it?
Because thermodynamics is a branch of physics.
"Mine has been upped to 9 D: All for regionals.

Chem Lab suddenly didn't conflict with Remote for regionals and boom! ninth event."
Funnily enough, I've never had much trouble without a binder. It's entirely personal preference.
And i never even knew laptops could be aloud! i honestly making binders!
So unless winner turns into a beast in about a month and a half, the chances of meeting you at states go down huh?
At my school, everyone has at MOST 4 events.
Same...both this year and last year at state, we had exactly one person doing 5 events, and everyone else did 2-4.
I currently have probably the heaviest load on my team, with 5 fairly intensive study events (it is likely that one other person will be doing 5 events, 4 of them building). Everyone else should have 2-4.
I would have 5, except GV is still TBD.
In order to be a winner at life, you need to do 23 events.
You mean at once?!?
Today some kids in my coach's chem class got into a fight and broke part of our ramp. Although it'll take a while to rebuild (well, 1-2 hours), I'm glad no one got hurt because my partner and I had put into about 5 2" nails.
gah... i was just sucked in by college confidential for the past two hours, reading increasingly desperate sounding people waiting for desicions. It felt like reading some person's live blog of the titanic sinking . The hopelessness practically leached off the screen. So. I come here where hope DOESN'T go to die
It is amazing how the same phrase can elicit completely different emotions at different stages of building. For example, when building our SoM instrument in October, "We're going to experiment" sounds exciting and fun. A week and a half before competition, while working on the eighth or so version of our instrument, it is terrifying.
"The task cramming/lear for 2 new events, making two or three resource sheets, and cramming for all my other events in the span of 23 days suddenly seems like a daunting task...
Yeah. No. 8 events. I know winner has more, but 8 is enough for me."
"At Clio I picked up 7 top 12s out of 37 teams, including 2 golds, and the only event that didn't was Remote because the supervisor used the 2011 Nebraska test off the TE... hardly fair seeing as it's offtopic. On a week of studying. To put it in perspective, the rest of both teams from my school put together pulled 4 top 12s, and no top 8s. I'd say chances have gone up.
Luo wrote:
SirBobo wrote:
At my school, everyone has at MOST 4 events.
Same...both this year and last year at state, we had exactly one person doing 5 events, and everyone else did 2-4.
Our new regionals strategy is to put everyone on 2-3 and load me up with 9 and pray and possibly study.
Sadly, I'm not joking.
foreverphysics wrote:
The task cramming/lear for 2 new events, making two or three resource sheets, and cramming for all my other events in the span of 23 days suddenly seems like a daunting task...
Yeah. No. 8 events. I know winner has more, but 8 is enough for me.
I learned my 8 events for Clio in about a week and a half. [admittedly, it WAS finals week, which made it easier]"
Has anyone read the reviews for the Sibley forestry guide on the book itself? They're hilariously gushing with praise. You'd think it was a work of classic literature.
IMO, Sibley's isn't good, at least, not for trees. The drawings all look too similar to be useful. And it might just be that I'm biased, having used Peterson's for Ornithology, but ... never liked Sibley and most likely never will.
Oh dear g-d that site is a guilty pleasure. Reading the chance threads are excruciating. Reading the admit threads are even more so depressing :/
Today is not a good day for rain.
Don't do it! College Confidential is a bad idea. Very bad idea.
I enjoy reading College Confidential. It boosts my self-esteem.
I've found College Confidential kills my self-esteem, especially the chance threads, which are all like "4.0 and 2400? Harvard is definitely a reach." It makes all of the top colleges seem completely impossible to get into.
College confidential is a great resource for select subject, for others it's where insecure students go to get validation.
You know it is a good time to freak out when regionals is tommorow, and you are ready and prepared for 2 of your 6 events. AHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"It should have snowed instead. I could have stayed home.

Then again, it would have kept us from having our invitational tomorrow..."
"http://www.chaffeecountytimes.com/news/ ... 0f31a.html

Ya'know, it is still amazing to think that someone that graduated from the same high school is me is going to play in the biggest game in sports in just a few days."
Regions tomorrow... long night ahead. At least I only have to be at school at 7:10, rather than the 5:45-ish of River Falls.
"I think you mean long morning, assuming that's when you'll be up until.
I seem not to be able to absorb any more information after about 12:30. It's like my brain's hardwired to conserve memory..."

"Oh, look. Someone else up late the night before (morning of?) a competition.

I wonder why I do this to myself. *facepalms*"
Last regional competition - it's now or never.
I have learned how fun running around your local university campus dressed as Sherlock and speaking in a British accent is. Especially if you're at the university for a math competition. I also learned that people stay away from you when your team starts acting like characters from Sherlock Holmes. I was Sherlock.
I went to bed at 2 AM and set my alarm for 5, but I wound up oversleeping until 7. Sleep deprivation is rather inconvenient.
"I did the same thing, except I didn't oversleep. One of my partners did, though. Another somehow forgot about our invitational and showed up right as the second block of events was about to start. I don't really understand that...

Oh, that reminds me. As a random thought, Mounds View was in an image on the Remote test I took today (I know you're from Eastview, but I remembered after reading your post anyway). I found it humorous."
Whoa, really? In what context? Did they had an aerial view of the school?
"this made me smile

I am not the only one who watches sherlock! BBC, I presume ?"
"Whoa, what? I would be FURIOUS if anyone on my team did that, especially if they missed an event.
FullMetalMaple wrote:
Oh, that reminds me. As a random thought, Mounds View was in an image on the Remote test I took today (I know you're from Eastview, but I remembered after reading your post anyway). I found it humorous.
I second Luo's question! Do elaborate. (I've only been to Mounds View once, but I still find that interesting.)"
"It asked to find the distance between Mounds View High School and some store, I think, as well what season it was. Annoyingly, no scale was provided, so we had to improvise using the football field.
Edit: ↓ Yeah, it was Google maps."
"There was a Google Maps-like (can't remember exactly what it was) view of the surrounding area, with Mounds View and another building labelled. One question was calculating the distance between the two. I'm not sure why MV came up, but it was still cool because I remembered you were from there.
Kokonilly wrote:
Whoa, what? I would be FURIOUS if anyone on my team did that, especially if they missed an event.
That was my reaction. I think she would have forgotten entirely if her Forensics partner hadn't called her... Fortunately, the event she would have had then was canceled because the proctor didn't show up.

But yeah, I don't know how you forget something like an invitational."
"Listening to James Bond brass band music, and glanced up at the TV to see Morgan Freeman walking off adjusting his tie. Don't know what the movie/show was, but it's made my day

Well, at least it was an invitational and not a regional or state tournament. That would be terrible."
"Yes, you are correct. chia and KittenPsychology also watch the show, as proven by the posts a couple pages back.
I wore a long trench coat with a dark blue scarf. Complete with a dress white shirt and long black pants. It was rather fun.
(Granted, I have only watched 2 episodes of the show. I am hoping to remedy that soon.)"
"Ooh, you have a relatively legit Sherlock-style trenchcoat? When I was shopping for a new winter coat, I would have tried to find one (okay, I did try), but realized I'm too short to pull it off , so went with something else.
kjhs knows I watch the show - I introduced her and a couple of other people to it when I discovered it a couple of months ago. So on here it's us, KittenPsych, and you (and some people's friends, don't remember who). Have you watched episodes from the 2010 season, or the ones that just came out?"
"If you want to laugh, watch this video that I posted of my freinds in a men's pageant, competition thing at my school
Mr.CyWoods 2012: Midgets Dancing"
Just 2010 the first two. You know, Study in Pink and Blind Banker.
"TheGenius wrote:
Kokonilly wrote:
I second Luo's question! Do elaborate. (I've only been to Mounds View once, but I still find that interesting.)
It asked to find the distance between Mounds View High School and some store, I think, as well what season it was. Annoyingly, no scale was provided, so we had to improvise using the football field.
Edit: ↓ Yeah, it was Google maps.


By the way, that delightful test is on the Remote Sensing Test Exchange 2012 now. If you could give me some feedback, that would be great."
"Ah, yes; I'd forgotten you wrote that test. How exciting!

On an unrelated note, I appear to have a sore throat now... Hopefully it goes away soon."
"Sore throats are bad, hope you get better.

I see long nights ahead...less than three weeks to go before regionals and I suddenly find out I'm doing disease with a partner who also has not been attending meetings. **epic facepalm**

NERDS IN OTHER PLACES HAVE BEGUN TO AMASS THEIR ARMIES OF DOOM!!! See http://www.loldig.com/wp-content/upload ... tsaber.jpg 2012 might happen after all."
"Show that to our coach. He'd love it.

Come on, your partner isn't that bad...when she applies herself (which, quite honestly...is almost never). Just, you know, go motivate her. Or I can go motivate her for you. Or you can just study and take all the weight on your own shoulders. Of course, you're a hard partner to please, so I dunno...
If you don't like her that much, then you must be quite happy you have her as your partner for TWO events now. I would have volunteered for Crime Busters since I did it last year and really liked it, but I already ad Keep the Heat in that event slot...and without me, our coach's son is screwed. No offense to him, but it's true. He can't do the physics of thermo for the life of him...

I don't like sore throats. Having one for a span of two weeks is painful. Hope you get better, Koko."
Yes, that is quite fun. Except in my case I was dressed as Watson. That (AMP'd) was seriously amazing, though. I mean, free pizza, free t-shirts, and 4 awards when our team had about 16 less people then the other teams (Also, any idea if Lestrade or Anderson have Scioly accounts?)
"Listening to James Bond brass band music, and glanced up at the TV to see Morgan Freeman walking off adjusting his tie. Don't know what the movie/show was, but it's made my day

Well, at least it was an invitational and not a regional or state tournament. That would be terrible."
"Yes, you are correct. chia and KittenPsychology also watch the show, as proven by the posts a couple pages back.
I wore a long trench coat with a dark blue scarf. Complete with a dress white shirt and long black pants. It was rather fun.
(Granted, I have only watched 2 episodes of the show. I am hoping to remedy that soon.)"
"Ooh, you have a relatively legit Sherlock-style trenchcoat? When I was shopping for a new winter coat, I would have tried to find one (okay, I did try), but realized I'm too short to pull it off , so went with something else.
kjhs knows I watch the show - I introduced her and a couple of other people to it when I discovered it a couple of months ago. So on here it's us, KittenPsych, and you (and some people's friends, don't remember who). Have you watched episodes from the 2010 season, or the ones that just came out?"
"If you want to laugh, watch this video that I posted of my freinds in a men's pageant, competition thing at my school
Mr.CyWoods 2012: Midgets Dancing"
Just 2010 the first two. You know, Study in Pink and Blind Banker.
"TheGenius wrote:
Kokonilly wrote:
I second Luo's question! Do elaborate. (I've only been to Mounds View once, but I still find that interesting.)
It asked to find the distance between Mounds View High School and some store, I think, as well what season it was. Annoyingly, no scale was provided, so we had to improvise using the football field.
Edit: ↓ Yeah, it was Google maps.


By the way, that delightful test is on the Remote Sensing Test Exchange 2012 now. If you could give me some feedback, that would be great."
"Ah, yes; I'd forgotten you wrote that test. How exciting!

On an unrelated note, I appear to have a sore throat now... Hopefully it goes away soon."
"Sore throats are bad, hope you get better.

I see long nights ahead...less than three weeks to go before regionals and I suddenly find out I'm doing disease with a partner who also has not been attending meetings. **epic facepalm**

NERDS IN OTHER PLACES HAVE BEGUN TO AMASS THEIR ARMIES OF DOOM!!! See http://www.loldig.com/wp-content/upload ... tsaber.jpg 2012 might happen after all."
"Show that to our coach. He'd love it.

Come on, your partner isn't that bad...when she applies herself (which, quite honestly...is almost never). Just, you know, go motivate her. Or I can go motivate her for you. Or you can just study and take all the weight on your own shoulders. Of course, you're a hard partner to please, so I dunno...
If you don't like her that much, then you must be quite happy you have her as your partner for TWO events now. I would have volunteered for Crime Busters since I did it last year and really liked it, but I already ad Keep the Heat in that event slot...and without me, our coach's son is screwed. No offense to him, but it's true. He can't do the physics of thermo for the life of him...

I don't like sore throats. Having one for a span of two weeks is painful. Hope you get better, Koko."
Yes, that is quite fun. Except in my case I was dressed as Watson. That (AMP'd) was seriously amazing, though. I mean, free pizza, free t-shirts, and 4 awards when our team had about 16 less people then the other teams (Also, any idea if Lestrade or Anderson have Scioly accounts?)
Nope, they don't. I would know if they did, believe me...
Do I know this KittenPsychology? Div. b, AL, knows forever, I have a few ideas about who this might be...
I will not be ready in time for Regionals.........
You have three events. I have eight. No complaining, now.
"okay.
Can I say I won't be ready for ""Food Science"" in time for Regionals."
There's the First Amendment to answer that question.
Don't worry, I'm not prepared either. Especially for Mission Possible, I only have the box right now.
I just finished a tootsie pop. It was green. It was delicious. Now it's gone. I is sad
Why do I not remember that green tootsie pops exist? I only remember brown, orange, red and blue ones.
Nutella.....how i do love thee..
Nope, they don't. I would know if they did, believe me...
Do I know this KittenPsychology? Div. b, AL, knows forever, I have a few ideas about who this might be...
I will not be ready in time for Regionals.........
You have three events. I have eight. No complaining, now.
"okay.
Can I say I won't be ready for ""Food Science"" in time for Regionals."
There's the First Amendment to answer that question.
Don't worry, I'm not prepared either. Especially for Mission Possible, I only have the box right now.
I just finished a tootsie pop. It was green. It was delicious. Now it's gone. I is sad
Why do I not remember that green tootsie pops exist? I only remember brown, orange, red and blue ones.
Nutella.....how i do love thee..
fix'd
fixd
Fix'd. Ah, I love this weather.
"Fix'd. Ah, I love this weather.[/quote]
Fix'd again. In the UP, it is over waist deep."
"Oh, today marks a whole year that I've been a member of this site. *Cues party balloons*

man have I spent a lot of time here"
Anyone have any idea what I should do since I temporarily can't talk? Should I hold up a sign saying "I am mute today due to illness, don't get offended if I don't talk to you."? Also, any reccomended cures? Forever, AKA my only friend smart enough to help, told me to "not drink milk", which makes no sense.
Unless it's an allergy, I don't see how milk has anything to do with it.
"It does so make sense. John doesn't ever drink milk that Sherlock gives her. It just doesn't work.
References, references..."
Sherlock, you're a lunatic.
I'm mad that my school might sut science olympiad next year (with a bunch of other electives) because of the new oversized (unneccessary) gym!
I just turned in my math quiz...
My science class sucks. Proof? I fell asleep in science today. And since I am in Science Olympiad and I obviously love science, that is bad. That means my class is incredibly boring.
"Extracurriculars are often the first to go with budget cuts...followed by languages and the arts. But never sports - that's just a huge no-no. I have nothing against school sports, and I don't see academics and athletics as mutually exclusive, but I simply cannot stand when schools stubbornly refuse to consider tightening sports budgets, and at the same time have no qualms about cutting other programs left and right.

Neither can I stand schools being irresponsible with money. A couple years ago, my school tore up the old track and football field, and spent $3.5 million or something pretty close to that, on a new track and a turf field. I wouldn't have a problem with a new track/field, since the old one was kinda falling apart, but no one uses it except the track & field team and occasionally the marching band (the football team plays at the Arena and other sports have their own fields). To put it another way, my problem is not with the expense, it's with the poor payoff of said expense - if the new track/field were used more, I'd consider it a worthy use of money. And then the high school decided that our old laptops weren't working well enough and bought tens of new netbooks (imo, the old ones worked better than the new ones do; it's become a running joke that the school paid more to have the computers engraved with a logo than they would have paid for better computers). In my classes only, I've noticed that there are new computers in two classrooms. Assuming 25 netbooks per classroom and $350 per netbook, that makes $17,500 - that's in my classes only, mind you. Oh, and every 8th grader at the middle school (about 300 of them) now has a laptop - another $105,000.

All that while our SO coach worries about our budget, which I gather to be around $2500, including $300 per competition for a school bus and maybe $100 or so for registration fees. We order most of the more specialized event stuff, like Protein Modeling kits or large packages of balsa wood or robotics parts, through the school (a long, painful process), so we have to be pretty economical with what we decide to buy.

And they're cutting out German as a foreign language...6th graders at the middle school can no longer choose to take it.

More importantly to me, my school recently considered cutting or at least scaling back the music program - which is honestly too good to be cut without a dang good reason. Every year, we have several students make District Band/Choir/Orchestra, and at least one has made it all the way to National Orchestra. Our music department has even performed at the Capitol in Harrisburg. I realize that my school is fortunate in even having a large orchestra, which makes it even more of a shame that the district would consider denying students the opportunity to participate in something which could literally change their lives - I remember reading an article in SciAm (here) discussing that students who participate in music from an early age tend to also succeed academically.

One of the essay options on last year's orchestra final was along the lines of, ""If the school was considering cutting orchestra, what would you say to an administrator to persuade them to keep it?"" Somewhat worried, we asked our conductor if it was just a hypothetical situation. He said no...which just worried us more.

Thankfully, I doubt my school will ever axe the music department. Our student body is heavily involved in music (I think about 1/4 of the school is involved in some way), and the administration would likely have a literal riot on their hands. But it honestly infuriates me that the district seriously considers the possibility of cutting the music department without really pausing to consider all the negative effects it would have on the student body and the school as a whole.

/rant

Edit: Whoa, that rant ended up being much longer than I intended. But I still stand by what I said."
That's because the multimillionaires of the day play sports.. Not all, but a lot.
No. Because school are much more infiltrated with those that appreciate sports over music and academics.
"I'm not sure they're ""infiltrated"" with people who necessarily think sports are superior to fine arts or academics. Think of it this way: The sports teams are essentially the school's ambassadors. I'm sorry, but people don't turn out in droves to watch Science Olympiad competitions. They come out to watch sporting events. This is how schools A) Make money (charging for tickets) and B) Interest students into coming into their schools. Now, obviously academics play a role in getting students to come, but it's often overlooked in arguments like these. Schools put a lot of focus on academics (that's their purpose), just maybe not so much in academic extracurriculars.

Is it sometimes disappointing? Yes, but it's the most logical way for schools to make money so they can allow clubs like Science Olympiad to go to competitions."
Move here. Science O, and probably most extracurriculars, are unlikely to be completely removed because we have a pretty supportive school board. I wouldn't be surprised if they're scaled back, but I'm very confident that complete removal is not an option.
"Us, Booth, Rising Starr, and all the other schools in our county do everything on our own with little County or Board of Education support.
I'd expect my school not to get much support cause we're not as competitive, but we have a Principal that really pushes for SciOly. But Booth doesn't get a lot of support, besides a few newspaper articles asking for donations. 2morrow, instead of eating lunch; I have to sell for our Bake Sale."
You can certainly run a competitive Science Olympiad team with little or no school support! We aren't an official school-sponsored activity but are still able to remain competitive and thrive.
"Ummm... Ok
Our team has no school support whatsoever(unless you count one teacher that voluntarily serves as our coach), all our money comes from dues and fundraisers"
Oh, definitely agreed. We don't really have any school support - heck, we don't even have a functioning coach; I think most of our funding we asked for from corporations/organizations, but we don't seem to have a lot of it because we've carpooled to some of our competitions (the ones not in Wisconsin, at least). And we're still competitive and fairly strong.
"Yeah, although it's sad that they will stop funding Science Olympiad, it's not like your team will have to end. Many teams still function fine without money from the school; you can hold fundraisers or stuff like that.


Question: Is there any rule explicitly banning a teamate-made test to be used for a tournament event if that teamate is not doing the event?"
Well, by support, I didn't mean monetary, per se. Our budget isn't huge, and we don't get a lot of commodities like charter buses. But we do have the support to continue existing, which is nice.
"Some schools have charter buses?
We have enough support so that we're able to get a school bus & go to regionals (and usually state). But anything beyond that, (materials, kits, etc.) comes from our own collective fundraising."
"Why is my state so screwed up???????????!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I have state in a week!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Nooooooooooooooooooooooooo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
Well... today/yesterday was rather stressful. At least I got to relieve some of my stress by dominating at Beatles Rock Band.
http://www.quickmeme.com/meme/367492/
"Sorry, saw this and just had to share it.


http://a4.sphotos.ak.fbcdn.net/hphotos- ... 2386_n.jpg"
"...we don't even get school buses. I spend more time putting together carpools to make it to competitions than I do writing lineups.

We pay 20 dollars dues, each member, and that just barely brings in enough money for shirts, one invitational, and regionals. We have to squeeze out every penny for states."
"Fix'd
Didn't you say you only had 7 people? How hard is it to get 7 people to where you are going?"
We pay $75 for registration into SO. It covers a couple of t-shirts, buses, state and Regs registration, goggles, and any other resource we might need. I don't think we've ever had to had to scrape for money.
"well, we have 60+ people in SO, so $75 from each person yields $4500, easily paying for most of the stuff we need. Some teams do not have the benefit of large SO communities.
Anybody here do science bowl? The Department of Energy provides free transportation to the nation's capital if your team makes it to nationals. Your coach also gets $200 for any additional expenses. XD"
Fix'd.
"I think that's a copyright infraction...
Write your own words, if you need them. Science bowl is only depressing because you see it that way. If you do it for the fun of working towards a goal, then it isn't depressing."
O__o Seriously? That's even more expensive than marching band (with trip to Hawaii included) Ours is free, bus to take us to regionals ~2hr away. States is here. T-shirts are $5, that's pretty much all me have to do.
My avatar is now all bright and shiny...
"Marching Band is less than $75 at your school!?
It's $150+ at mine. And that doesn't even include uniforms, band camp, special trips, instrument repairs, etc."
I'm pretty sure marching band at my school is about $500, which admittedly encompasses uniforms, band camp, and special trips, but does not include supplies for your instrument/equipment, not to mention aloe vera and sunblock
$500??!! It's super effective! efo fainted!
"Kokonilly earns 700 exp.
EpicFailOlympian gives Hexagonaria 500p. Too bad he has to spend it on marching band.."
"I liked your old avatar better.
On another note...WE WON REGIONALS AT UAB!!! YEAH!"
kjhsscioly and I have decided that "All of the [x]. All of it." is our favorite meme, for some reason.
see I'm more upset now about Scolastic Scrimmage going as I would have been captain next year and THERE WOULD HAVE BEEN A HUGE SCHOLORSHIP:!: and same with scioly.. not the captain part but argh who am I kidding no one in my school cares about the nerds T.T -sniff sniff-
And that is exactly whats expected of you.
Hey, moving here is still an option too, we have a Scrimmage team too, after all (though not the WVIA version, too much money). Did I see you at all this year for Scrimmage, because, you know, I do it too.
I feel like bashing my head. Repeatedly. And with force. On sharp knives. Or maybe sharp rocks. Or both.
Whatever you do, don't do that.
How bout sharp minerals?
You should of I'm JV (co)captain although Katie kinda stopped showing up..
working on disease detectives...the defenition alone for E. Coli reminds me why i am a vegitarian
Okay, so I probably did, although the second time we played Stroudsburg, their JV team was MIA. I was captain for South, so you may have seen me too.
"Dear Mr. Thoreau:
It's all well and good that you went out to ""discover yourself"" and commune with nature alone in the forest for two years, but did you have to go and write a book about it?

(In other words, I'm reading Walden for AP Lang.)"
Regionals is in two days, and I feel woefully unprepared.
Um yeah aparently thats my fault because since I get sick for two weeks the world expodes and no one remembered but then again t's only jv
"2 Days till regionals. I work all year for the 11 hours of stressful competition, and a chance @ moving on to state.

17 Teams, 12 schools, ""6 spots for state?"", 1 nervous wreck."
I will second you on the 'nervous wreck' part, but for state, not regions (9 days).
"Snow, oh glorious snow. Thank you for cancelling our band concert! And please keep on coming, because I don't want to go to school tomorrow...See, no snow equals a whole day for Science Olympiad studying, so DON'T STOP!

Yours truly,
tuftedtitmouse12"
"Sitting in English class, wondering how on earth I'm going to finish three resource and have them printed by tomorrow...
We have 22hours 12 minutes and 50 seconds until regionals (relatively)..."
"The great thing about Science Olympiad is that you get to get out of at least one class on a regular basis. I love skipping science. I'm not so bored then. Besides, Science Olympiad is much more interesting than just plain science class. Much more difficult too.
Yup, I'm skipping science now."
Lol good for you... I'm homeschooled so snow or not I still have S.O. all day ^.^
right now i am on a bus on our way to state and i just realized i forgot my helicopter flight log at home. man, i am screwed
Who cares? Helicopter flight logs are the perfect example of the BS'ing part of scioly.
You skipped school the day before a competition?
"What she means is that she's not listening to the teacher teach and instead does whatever else she needs to do.

Today, I realized that I was ahead in my online business tech class. Therefore, I've spent the last 45 minutes studying for SO. What a great day this is.

I do know someone who skipped school today, and it's not likely that he was sick..."
Metro Atlanta doesn't have school this week, so I'm trying to make the best of it. But of course this is the week my teachers decide to pile homework on me.
"No. I got pulled out of class for the purpose of studying for SO. So I was in the library for over two hours, while the rest of my class took a vocab test (that I was excused from because ""you know all the information already) and listened to my science teacher drone on and on.
But you're not wrong either, SciBomb. I never listen in class. Especially not math.
Yes, I am special and people actually let me out of class to study for SO."
"I was able to do that last year. (Course my Science/Reading Teacher was the Coach)
But ""someone"" in another class broke my trebuchet last year. (I was keeping it in her room)

Also: It's been pouring down rain today. So i'm not sure what they're gonna do about Bottle Rockets (or how it'll effect the times)"
So so true
I'm jelly. I'm forced to simply not pay attention in class... what do you mean, I have a Stats test next Tuesday?
Filler
I'm seeing how competitive my regionals really is. I'm trying to stay confident though.
My 7th grade science teacher is also my coach! If we qualify for state, the people who go get to miss an entire school day. There's a Dunes Trip in Cheserton Indian that we do every year. Almost everyone goes, and you get to miss 1 and a half days of school! Instead, you hikeat 10 P.M., have a camp fire, do S.O. stuff, ski if there's enough snow, and have a lot of fun.
"Well, aren't you all lucky. You know what my team does for competitions? Wake up at an ungodly hour (or never go to sleep in the first place), pile on a bus, sleep on the way to competition, compete, and go straight home. The one time we stopped for dinner, it was because we pulled into a roadside McDonald's to fix the GPS.

We don't miss school for SciO, except for States which is on a Friday, and we don't get out of class to work on SciO, unless we, ah, ""stay home sick"" (heh)."
How far do you have to travel and when do you wake up? For invitationals, we host it, so I wake up at 6:15. For regionals, I wake up at 5:20.
Regionals is tomorrow...the end shall not be in sight soon.Oh well. At least I live in the city where Regs is held in the first place. This means I can sleep in till 6:30. Assuming I actually sleep tonight...
in a hotel room practing for sounds of music. state in less than 12 hours. i have a feeling i wont get any sleep tonite
I can't believe some places are having their state competitions already and some places are still not at regionals yet.
Yeah, regional's for us aren't even until March 10th...
That's the same day as our states.
state starts in less than 9 hours. still awake in the hotel room with no plan of falling asleep any time soon. i will be the first in line at starbucks tomorrow morning
ETA 2.5 hours until the first regionals event starts. Here we go...
i got 2 hours of sleep last night. thats an average of 20 minutes of sleep per event im competing in today. i think my hopes of first places have vanished
2 hours is a lot of sleep. Especially before a meet. I think this year, I've slept an avg of 1.5 hrs before a meet. Not mention that's already a full sleep cycle.
Lol, early birds
Indeed, empirical evidence compiled by Mounds View Science Olympians suggests that 2 hours of sleep is plenty on nights before competitions.
Late to bed, early to rise, make a man healthy, wealthy, and wise
Maybe we should start doing these competitions at night. It looks like that's the only time when we're really awake.
Too bad adults can't stay up as late as we do...
I always try to sleep as much as possible on comp. nite, I NEED sleep!
"Well, Regionals was a fail.
6 medals. 1 gold. 2 silvers. 3 bronze. 1 fourth. Yeah.
Fail.
/facepalm"
"Hey everyone! I had regionals as well today, and of my 100 events, I only medaled in 99 of them. ONLY IN 99. I'm a failure...

Seriously forever? Go get yourself some cake already"
really all what matters in the end is how your team did.
Actually, that's pretty bad... I'd be disappointed too.
Way to be an encourager, eh?
If foreverphysics rejects condolences, then what else is there to say?
Nah, she gets this all the time.
"I just noticed that your medal count adds up to 7 medals.
???"
I apologize. 2 bronze.
Currently trying to convince my parents to let me come back to Division B next year as a 9th grader. The middle school I'm currently attending only has up to 8th grade and we've made it to State a couple times, while the high school I'm going to had a 25/27 place at Regionals a couple years back, and they haven't made it to State in many years. Thoughts on how I could convince my parents?
I don't see why you would want to continue in div B. Div C is such a different game and it will take a year to adjust so if you plan on continuing competing til you graduate than you'll need all the expirience you can get. That and Div is a lot more advanced and fun. In my expirience, in Div C events I actually began learning things at a very high level, that will help both in highschool and on college. And if the highschool team isn't that great, it should give you a challenge to motivate and lead the team to victory, and though it probably won't happen in the first year, if you really work at it, you should be able to get there. And the best thing? You'll be able to write about your leadership of the team on your college apps
Fix'd
That's actually a very good point! Thanks, harryk! My decision has still yet to be made, but I still have the whole summer to think it through, but I appreciate the feedback.
I cant believe that science olympiad is over for this season. my life feels so empty without all the stress
I find it so funny that my competitive season has yet to start! regionals are nxt month!
If my team makes it to state (it has every single time it competed: 6 yrs), then our season will be over afterthe State competition which is April 16th, I think.
"Off. April 15

Andd, 6 more days till regionals... >.<"
Overtime studying and planning! Hope my teachers don't give me too much homework, especially on practice days and the weekend, that would be very sad(and bad).
I would personally stick with the B team.
Yeah, stick with B.. Best choice for sure!
If medaling is more important to you, B is the way to go. However, If you do science olympiad to learn new things, then I'd go for C. Honestly, I think you shoudn't stay in Div. B. By doing Div. C next year you'll be more prepared for the following years.
But being in the B team allows you to train kids that will be in the future C team
"I'm in B Division and I'm a 9th grader. Personally, I find the decision 50% of the time good, 50% bad. It's not as bad since there are 5 of us and we're all friends, but then again, the other half of the ninth graders from last year went up to the high school. It's a lot different to compete as a 9th grader, and things seem ""easier"". The only thing you really should worry about is if you're ready to deal with the younger members of your team AND not lose focus. I found that this year, it was a lot harder to always stay focused. Sometimes, I would get pretty lazy and just say ""ahh..I'm a 9th grader, I'll win"".
I found that, it's a 50-50 shot. It'll definitely have it's perks (You can write that you were a leader as a 9th grader as well!), but you may miss your friends/competition. If you get to states/nats, it's definitely going to be worth it.
Just my 2 cents (:"
"I guess it depends on what you enjoy more. Just think of it as this: you're in div. b but you're competing against div. c. There's no reason why you can't study as hard while doing div. b scioly as you can doing div. c scioly. It's good to do scioly for the fun of it, and if div. b is more fun for the time being, then go with it. If you want to take on the challenge of div. c, go with it.
We don't really have a choice at our school because I go to a junior high. Div. b is 6th-9th grade. I personally think you should do div. b because you'll have a good time and stack up knowledge for the coming years."
There's also the fact that in our system, Div B is more important to our coach than Div C. Somehow.
I'd say Division B too, because if you want to do well, and your high school team isn't following your lead, it's so frustrating. Staying in B will give you more opportunities to excel and be around people who want to excel (hopefully). Maybe you can also look over some of the stuff from Division C over this summer and next summer to get a feel for it. I do like the topics for C better, but it's never fun to be the only one trying.
"My 101st post! Everyone does it on the 100th post, so I decided to be different and do 101st.
I'm such a rebel..."
Actually, you're still stuck at 100. General Chat doesn't count toward post count.
Apparently I passed my 100th useful post and never noticed it.
"EASTstroudsburg13 wrote:
Actually, you're still stuck at 100. General Chat doesn't count toward post count.
Lolz, burned"
So true...
Has anyone heard about the shooting at Chardon High School? Terrible stuff...my condolences to Chardon
"I just got my ACT scores back and I got a 36! :D

Words cannot express my excitement right now."
"I feel so stupid....Somone on the Keep the Heat page was talking about the easy test they'de been to. Looking to see what state it was, I saw DE. My first thought: ""Curse you, Debraska, and your easy test!"" *headdesk* I can't believe I actually thought that...feel so stupid. Sorry, Delaware. (and Nebraska...)
By the way, congrats on the 36 zyzzyvz98."
I just saw it on the news...my heart goes out to the people of Chardon tonight :[
I hate Ohansas and the people that get 36s on the ACT.
"<HappyZ> This is totally not a coincidence
<HappyZ> I got a 36 on the ACT on the anniversary of Pokemon
<HappyZ> Thank you, Game Freak

POKEMON"
"Well, at least it was the 100th. See, good things happen when you go for 101. If you miss 101, at least you're at 100.
zyzzyva98 wrote:
I just got my ACT scores back and I got a 36!

Words cannot express my excitement right now.
That is AWESOME!
frogzorz wrote:
Has anyone heard about the shooting at Chardon High School? Terrible stuff...my condolences to Chardon
Same here. Just read it on the news..."
Congrats, that's awesome! I was actually really hoping for one myself, but ended up with a 35. Not sure whether to retake it...?
Congratulations to both of you! Chia, don't bother retaking it. The difference between a 35 and a 36 is negligible, and you can still get into college with a 35.
Haha, I know. I'll probably just end up keeping that one, though I may retake the SAT for NMS purposes. I was just kind of annoyed that I only got a 8/12 on the ACT essay, I thought I'd done better.
Ah, yes, I'm pretty sure I got an 8/12 on the ACT essay as well - though, honestly, by now I've forgotten. And if your SAT score is ≥ your PSAT score, you should be fine.
But my PSAT was a 234, and my SAT was a 2230... (a result of not enough studying :/) -shrug- I still haven't taken any SAT II tests, so I'll do those first and then retake the SAT I if I have time.
Oh, I see. Good plan. Good luck!
random post. I am doing anatomy and physiology cheat sheet stuff!
"This is random, but today is probably one of the worst days in recent memory in terms of human life. Including the Chardon HS incident, a kid who had cancer and was homeless just passed away. He went to my school and I never knew him. The importance of state this week pales in comparison to the events today.

I just remembered about this song. Kinda sums up today."
regionals is next wednesday and still no salinometer, helicopter, etc... well... let the panic begin o.O
Your regionals are during the week?
Regionals in 4 days >.< So nervous and I wish I had more time...But, that can't be helped. *sigh*
Boo.
I'm telling your partners that you said that!
Filler
I have a similar problem.., I feel like i'm the only one who's putting forth full effort, so i'm afraid that I'll be the only one on my team to win something...and then I'll feel like a d-bag
Snow??? Almost in March?? In WA Sweet!!
"http://www.adagio.com/sherlock/
THIS... IS ADORABLE. I wish they weren't only available online, though.
I guess I'd go for the nice traditional Watson blend, though ""The Mind and the Heart"" sounds delicious too
And the Mycroft blend is hilarious."
Hey, hey now.We had snow in March here. Yes, it was in AL. So snow in Washington at the end of February? No big deal.
"I remember that I spend spring break in Canada a few years back building an igloo in our backyard.
SNOW IS AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
Two-hour delay due to ice and snow! Yay, two extra hours of sleep... which I would have spent working had I not been up until 3 AM last night/this morning.
And now I have 9 events. Screw you, coach. And I thought eight was bad...
What events are you doing?
"Hmm...
Anatomy, Forestry, Experimental Design, Mission Possible, Optics, Reach for the Stars, Dynamic Planet, Meteorology, Keep the Heat."
All this talk about snow contrasts the weather here. It is currently 62 outside. The most snowfall we have recieved at a time is about 6 inches max just the other day. All snow was melted within 2-3 days. At least I don't have to shovel.
Why do you take so many events?
"She has no choice. Everyone on her team hates her, so they give her all the boring events that no one else has to do.

Just kidding, I guess there aren't enough people on the team."
"Hmph, we had snow. Now it's slush and ice. And there's not much of it anyways...Mother Nature, if you would be so kind...

*plays Jeopardy theme song*"
"Yeah, the roads were slick enough today so that even our district (gasp!) had a delay.

Think of it this way: We had school on December 23rd, 2010. The local radio aired an announcement declaring their sympathy. So the fact that they actually altered the school day is shocking. Wayzata had a snow day. Wimps."
"My Regionals Results
(Out of 18 teams)

1-Augusta Area Homeschoolers (had 1 team) [88 pts]
2- Holy Innocents Episcopal School (went to Nats last year, had 2 teams) [96 pts]
3-Rising Starr Middle School (Past National Champs, Had 2 Teams) [110 pts]
--------------------------------------------------
4- Rex Mill Middle School (Had 2 Teams) [4 & 5th were tie broken. Each had 155 pts]
5- Fayette Middle School (We had 1 team)

Unfortunately only the top 3 got to go to state. But this was my best year ever.
I took 2nd in Dynamic Planet it was really ""organism & math"" heavy, and not alot of river questions. We didnt know most of the test, but made good guesses.)
I took 3rd in Food Science
and 5th in Crime Busters (I expected this to be a little higher)

I'm happy with the results, cause we got a plaque for our school, but I'm hoping I can come back as a 9th grader, or help coach an event next year.
Last year 5/14 teams got invitations to state
this year 3/18 teams get them."
Isn't this the same team that has the 100-person turnout?
These homeschool teams are getting too good. I refuse to get beat by another homeschooling team if we go to nats
From what I have seen its normally only the div b homeschoolers that do super great. (Possibly because many homeschoolers switch to normal high schools?)
That and they get really busy in high school.
It's more like foreverphysics is a complete overachiever, so the coach thinks that if there are holes or boring events, forever should get them!
That... really sucks.
"Never say ""I'm bored"" especially if you're in JV in front of my co-coach (also social studies teacher).
If you do and you are in JV, you will get put into like 3 extra events.
If you're in varsity, there are no more extra spots, so she will make you carry around boxes, help other kids, sharpen pencils for competition, or random other things she needs to get done. The co-coach is actually pretty funny and cool, but she wants kids to get the most out of SO. It's quite funny actually."
and is that supposed to be a punishment or reward?
"Anyone know what the National Science Decatholon is? It looks really similar to scioly from what I can tell by the website (accidentally typed scioly.com instead of .org)

The names of the events sound really lame though compared to scioly
-water rocketry
-tower breaking
-bridge breaking"
What's up with all the destruction? lol
Just glancing at it, it looks... well... a lot like Science Olympiad. It's loading slowly for me, but there appear to be events on forensic science, bridge + tower building, the scientific method (maybe experimental design?), which is pretty strange.
"Last Year the Homeschoolers got 5th and edged us out for state by 1 pt. So this is a really rapid improvement for them.
Homeschoolers got Top 4 in 18/23 of the events this year."
"I believe the goal of the event is to fire a water rocket at a tower, so that it falls over and destroys a bridge.

Then everything explodes. Myth confirmed."
The goal of the event is to see how long a burning bottle rocket can fly and then have it try to burn towers and bridges.
Snowed in! YES!
Meanwhile, i'm in English class, the polar opposite of science.
how do you make the gummy bear explode in potassium chloride? i have the supplies to do the experiment, but i just need the procedure. this is for the science presentation i put off doing until after sci oly was over, and it's due today
"a) It's potassium chlorate.
b) https://docs.google.com/open?id=1omH2R3 ... fb4MAxTl-f
Found that on the Internet somewhere. Go ahead, use it."
thank you! i hope this works!
There is no need for an explanation
Isn't just writing "5" easier?
"But it's not as elegant.

I have a shirt with that on it."
Oh, just completely wonderful. Got our team shirts today. We planned tie-dye. Our school colors are blue and yellow. Guess what our shirts turned out to be? Orange and Yellow. Well, I guess we'll just have to make sure to wear blue jeans, to make up for the lack of "spirit"
"dictionary.com wrote:
mol·li·fy/ˈmäləˌfī/
Verb:
Appease the anger or anxiety of (someone).
Reduce the severity of (something); soften.
Did you mean mortifying?"
You'll stand out in a crowd, which is good, right? Atleast I might see you in the halls! Just Kidding...
That is the turnout when teams try to copy our (used to be) tie-dye shirts
Wow Koko...
EASTstroudsburg13 I went up to your team and looked for you at mvc but they said you weren't there you should find me on Wednesday!
Lol, I definitely was. Either they meant I wasn't in the gym or they didn't want to acknowledge my existence. I was the one that medaled in Chem Lab and Disease. I'll try, and we can also try to meet butter side up.
yes and hopefully we'll be ready by wednesday how's your team doing?
Okay. I don't know if we'll be ready either though.
Who has been user of the month? I haven't seen any announcements or anything.
I was wondering the same, is anything ever going to happen with that?
Yeah, I was trying to ask robot about that... It's pointless keeping it up as an important announcement if it is not going anywhere.
State in a week and I can't focus worth anything. Stupid headaches and nausea.
There's this brilliant thing, love, called sleep.
Ah, there is nothing like taking out recycling and finding the the EMT's and Cops are right down the hall because some people were stupid and drinking and one of them passed out. What makes it even better is that it was on the substance free floor.
Random, but does anybody else on here do Ocean Sciences Bowl?
My teammates do Ocean Bowl. They got 5th at state yesterday.
Anyone having schedule conflicts? My counselor won't let me take Physics in lieu of a math class. Good gracious, but I am going to die if I'm in statistics. D:
oh lordy we still have no robot arm and i've been put in charge of making sure it gets done seeing as the builder does not listen to me! me=freaked
"My mind keeps fluctuating between Keep the Heat, Meteorology, and Dynamic Planet. I don't even have resource sheets for DP and Met, and State is this week...the end is nowhere in sight.
I'm screwed."
"Ooh, ouch. But you're a smart cookie; I'm sure you'll be just fine. Good luck!

On an unrelated note, I stayed up until around 3:30 AM today for no apparent reason... I just wasn't tired... and I've been relatively energetic all day. I think Science Olympiad has finally completely destroyed any semblance I may have had of a sleep schedule, which is a shame, because I'm probably done with it completely."
My team might go to state. There was a school announcement on the intercom saying that we all needed to report to the Coach's room tomorrow to get vital information on state, which is March 24th. I'm kinda freakin' out
Wouldn't you know if you made it to state during the awards ceremony?
"Yeah. Well our regional has always sent 5 teams to state. But this year for some reason they decided to give automatic bids to three teams.
(Though this year we had more teams, but 1 less school)
The results were as follows for the teams that got plaques/trophies:

1st place- 88 pts
2nd place- 96 pts
3rd place- 110 pts
4th place- 155 pts (2 first place)
5th place- 155 pts (1 first place)

Our coach was talking to the lady so I think we may be going, but of course i could be wrong."
"Got tagged with a ninth event Thursday...and it has to be the time-consuming Towers, doesn't it?

And ACT tomorrow, SAT Saturday, orch festival Saturday, Regionals 3/17, Chem Olympiad 3/22, Fed Challenge 3/29.

Somebody want to trade lives with me for a month? Someone like Koko who doesn't need sleep?"
"Orchestra festival? My respect for you just went up 10 points. Which brings you to a total of +10.

In other news, I'm going to be singing musical music for the next several weeks (it won't get out of my head!)...and I wasn't even involved in the musical. Sometimes I hate being a music nerd. And having perfect pitch just makes it worse."
agreed. because i put off learning my solo for solo & enssamble due to science olympiad, i had 1 week to learn Mozart's Concerto no. 2 for flute. with cadenzas.
My clock now reads 3:02 AM...
You must be a junior. Good luck with all your MMEs
less than 22 hours to regionals~ let the last minute preparations begin
Hypocrite.
I'm currently working on gridworld for ap compsci, and watching the bugs go round and round...
"I wouldn't go quite that far... there are others out there much more well-adapted to a lack of sleep. It's taking a toll on me now; my eyes are constantly dry and I'm even more absent-minded than I usually am (which is considerable).

I am, however, planning on pulling a quasi-all-nighter on Thursday to meet the Hunger Games cast on Friday."
"That wonderful moment when you figure out how to put 13,000 words on one sheet of paper.
Also, apparently being shouldered in the eye hurts. Now I can't see."
I was so bored in precal today that I took the time the type the numbers 1 through 1000 on the calculator
Nice, I didn't know there was a middle school Ocean Bowl. My team just got 1st at state on Saturday so we're going to nationals in Baltimore! Yay! Except it also happens to be the week before Science Olympiad states which we also really need to study for...
"That sad moment when after years of hard work your team gets 5th at regionals and assume your going to state
then.....
That angry moment when you find out the regionals has decided to send only 3 teams to state even though there was an increase in competition so you mope around for a while
then...
That wonderful moment when your coach tells you your school has earn a wild-card spot at state,
then...
that stupid moment when part of your team doesn't care that they've been given a second-chance. Or realize that this is a challenge to prove we deserve this 2nd chance

(Those are my scioly emotions from 2/26/12 - 3/6/12 all summed up)"
No, my team goes up through 9th grade, and some of my friends who are in the 9th grade do Ocean Bowl. We got 5th at our state.
NO FAIR!!! Although i can not be talking as it was filmed in my area and got to be an extra....but still NO FAIR!!!
"Yeah regionals tomorrow, and we aren't going to bomb optics cause we figured out the laser shoot! (we being me and NEOawesomness)
Forestry is going to be a blast, as well as Fermi questions. can anyone tell that I need sleep and way less sugar?"
Just found out that if I had gotten 2 more points in Rocks and Minerals, I'd have beaten South at Regionals and gotten that shiny gold...
Ah that makes sense. Well congrats to them.
I wish I had a solar filter or better yet a solar telescope, as the sunspot group AR1429 has now released 2 X-class solar flares and several CMEs in the past few days.
"Typical solar filters won't show flares or prominences. Hydrogen alpha filters (usually only found on solar scopes) will.

Our new shiny h-alpha scope is currently somewhere in shipment between CA and NY...it needs to get here soon! I did look at the sun through a solar filter on a newtonian today, and group 1429 does look quite impressive...very large...but nothing like an h-alpha view would show."
Yeah I keep looking at the Personal Solar Telescope with its H-alpha, but not exactly able to buy a $900 telescope setup atm... Still I would love to look at the sunspots themselves in a broadband solar filter.
3rd at regionals YES!!! on to states! But congrats to EASTstroudsburg13 I believe I saw you go up for quite a few gold medals
Hope to see the auroras boreales tonight!
"It's spelled ""aurora borealis"".

State is tomorrow, and my panic is at one of my all-time highs. It feels nice."
Hooray for Forever the Grammar Nazi.
In Washington? Hmph, it's too far south from IL to see anything of that sort... *sulk*
We didn't end up seeing anything. The solar flare didn't up being as strong as the astronomers thought.
Eh, it's already quite south from where you are, so it's not quite a surprise that happened. However, my condolences. It would've been very amazing to watch.
Regionals is tomorrow for us. I'm gonna fail MP.
Who here is going to state in Iliniois?
That's what the IL 2012 thread is for, darling
Yeah, usually it doesn't get this far south, but the media (who always over dramatizes everything) said that people as far south as California could see it.
According to this map you would need a planetary k index of about 9 to see an aurora in California, although if it were at the upper end of 7 (as it peaked today), seeing it in Northern Washington might be possible.
And I'm gonna fail DP. And Met.
I'm just hoping I can place in one event when I go to state.
"Thats what i usually think too, and then I always place in at least something!
geminicross wrote:
I'm just hoping I can place in one event when I go to state.
Same here! I always place at regionals,but have only placed at state once, and that was 5th (though it was still something!). I really hope that I can place in at least one of my topics, and I'm studying for forestry a lot so i hope its that!

What abiut you guys? Do you just study for your best possible event for state, or all of them evenly?"
"Thats what i usually think too, and then I always place in at least something!

Same here! I always place at regionals,but have only placed at state once, and that was 5th (though it was still something!). I really hope that I can place in at least one of my topics, and I'm studying for forestry a lot so i hope its that!

What abiut you guys? Do you just study for your best possible event for state, or all of them evenly?[/quote]
The sad thing is, the event i was most confident in (for regionals) I got 5th in. And the event I knew nothing for, I got 2nd in. So now I'm just trying to hope i dont get blasted away at state, seeing as we were one of the last teams to earn a spot (we're wildcards). And this is the first time I've ever gone to state.

We missed out by one point last year."
Man I hate when that happens! At state last year, the one I got 5th in was solar system, the test that me and my partner made up random words with the answers (they weree multiple choice, so a, b, c, d and e) we had bad, cab, etc. And we got fifth. Then for awesome aquifers, which I got first at in regionals (we got 13th in solar system) i got 15th! So frustrating!
I try to evenly study for my events, but of course that never happens
Exactly, I always have favorites.
"14ht (or is it 15th?) year to State now...
Thing is, I got shoved into DP and Met 10 days before State. For us, Regs and State are 2 weeks apart, so we have no break at all. So I am totally unprepared for both those events.
Optics, R4S, and Keep the Heat may be a little more hopeful.
I only have 4 state medals--2 gold and 2 silver."
"I have 1 bronze from last year (regionals, crime busters)
A silver, bronze, and 5th place ribbon from this year (regionals)

And I don't expect to do really great at state, cause most of the other teams already know who they expect to do good and whose going to bomb. We were sent like 10 e-mails when the State Drafts came out saying we were selected as one of the wild-card teams. The competition is steep this year and I wouldn't be really shocked if J.C Booth didn't own the top spot."
I just had 9 Word documents open at one time, so it spontaneously shut itself down :T it's all good though, it autosaved everything and I had recently saved everything anyways.
Whew! That's a good thing
"All this talk about state medals
I must be a beast, if I don't medal in all my events at state, then its a failure"
That's too bad.. Those are some of my best events.
"Psyched about state tomorrow...XD
Doing crime, microbe, anatomy, and rocks. I'll probably suck at crime, but whatevs.

It's a lot more fun doing science olympiad when you don't continually think about failing you know..."
Well, you at least have gone to nationals! I know for a fact we're not going, our team lacks so much motivation as a whole!
"Never picked up a state medal. If we even make it to states that's a good year for me...

Exactly evenly. I literally have spent exactly the same amount of time on each of my study events this year. And this isn't a ""I have one study event!"" joke, because I have 7 (if you count optics)."
Wow! Seven events!!!! Well, I always find it hrder to study for lab events than study events just because its harder to lug around lab event supplies than it is to carry, say, mynforestry field guide to every class.
I can't believe you guys have states already! my regional competition isn't for another week
"States was a fail. Only got 4 medals...and NONE of them were gold.
>.<"
Are you going to nationals?
Most probably, yes. Unless something very drastic happens.
"I'm guessing your version of fail, is my version of extreme glee?
Well, I hope you had fun.

Which events did you medal in, and what were the places?"
"Regionals in Lower Hudson was today. I got 2 silvers and a gold. I'm slightly disappointed that I didn't get first in Microbe Mission this year.
Scarsdale A team took 1st place and is advancing to states...

This website looks so different on Ubuntu."
"Nine actually >.< I have towers and gravity too.
foreverphysics wrote:
States was a fail. Only got 4 medals...and NONE of them were gold.
>.<
Honestly forever, on the off chance that I even make states, 1 out of 9 medals being a 6th placer would be fine with me. I probably wouldn't even get that. Of course, I am in Michigan while you're in Alabama, but still...

And everybody missed my joke about spending the exact same amount of time on each study event [that time being zero obviously, as that's the only way to spend exactly the same amount of time]"
"In my region, it's the study events you've gotta attack! Everyone's all worked up about robots and silly little pan flutes, they don't even bother to learn about remote sensing, or DP, or anything like that. Makes for easy medals, and a good chance of getting to states

EDIT: no offense to anyone doing sounds of music. It's just that most of the pan flutes I've seen... kinda suck. or rather, they blow"
Once again, no offence to people with pan flutes, but most of them make me want to bash my head into my steel drum(which is acctually rather painful. found that out after the sounds of music test). Which is strangely ironic because my favorite istrument is piccolo, and usually has that affect on people.
"I HAD TO SIT NEXT TO THE PICC PLAYER FOR A FULL YEAR IN YOUTH SYMPHONY...NEVER. FREAKIN'. AGAIN. Sometimes I swear that picc players only know one dynamic - ""blast it as loud as you can"".

Anyways, now that I've finished ranting about woodwind players, I wholeheartedly agree on pan flutes for Sounds...my partner and I made one last year and it kept going out of tune, which drove both of us crazy.

Foreverphysics, 4 state medals and a good chance at a trip to Nats is always going to be a fantasy for me, so be happy with what you've got. (Oh, and quiz, I won that bet and you dang well know it.)

Edit: It appears that Regionals is in two weeks..."
"This is interesting to see:
http://www.liveleak.com/view?i=da3_1331394029"
Regional's was awesome! First place overall for team and 3 golds and a silver! Onto state...
I'm not sure how many of y'all have an interest in March Madness. But I was thinking we could all have a thread and post predictions.
I love march madness! Should totally do that! Go U of W! I hope
I'm hoping for Vanderbilt, Georgetown, or Mizzou, to win. But as long as Kentucky & Kansas fail, I'll be good
"Yes, thanks. I was very happy with how that day went. See you at states, along with most everyone else from PA.

There have been Scioly Tourney Pick'em groups in the past. If there's interest, I or someone else can make one. I don't remember who ran the groups before."
"Hailing from the state of Alabama, Auburn Junior High and Drake Middle are joining the nationals bandwagon. Yeah!
Congratulations also to Our Lady of the Valley for their 3rd place finish. Scores were very close."
"2 points to make here:
1) We're not certain if we're sending two teams or not.
2) How the heck do you know scores? They're not out till Tuesday!"
Seconded. One of my best friends is our marching picc player, and there was a chart where we ended up next to each other, with her picc literally 3 inches from my ear. Turns out, at a football game we played the national anthem in exactly that chart, and she thought it would be funny to jump the octave and add about 7 f's to her dynamic.
"Haha. I played flute, this is my 3rd year. For my birthday, I got a piccolo. Now my parents have to endure high screechy notes called music.lol:
I usually don't play too many octaves higher than flute. My fav is Stars and Stripes Forever's piccolo solo though."
Sounds fun...
So auburn is going to Nats?
Yay! Vanderbilt wins SEC over Kentucky
"Forget piccolos. A loud flute player is already EXTREMELY BAD. (OW MY EARS) I actually have a soul and save the poor oboe player from sharing the pain.

Yay for Vandy beating Kentucky, Fl state beating Duke and UNC, and Baylor beating Kansas, and Mizzou beating Baylor!"
Wow, way to feed the troll... =P
Filler
"I'm the Grumpy Old Troll
Who lives under the bridge
Hey!
I'm the Grumpy Old Troll
Who lives under the bridge
Who's there?!
If you wanna come over all you have to do is this
All you have to do is this; Solve my riddle!"
"Wow
15 flutes??? The must have been really pricy. The cheapest flute you can get is probably $1000. My student flute is $1200, and my parents pay $60 warranty an year, which is the cheapest there was out of 6 instrument places."
anyone here play clarinet?
Piccolos are fun! We only play extreemly loud (my favorite dynamic is as loud as possible) because we can. Correction: they are fun when played correctly. Same goes for flute, which is why i want to kill myself in beginner band, which my director makes me play in to "help them out". And, I also play oboe in symphonic band part time while also playing flute, and some of the flutes in there SUCK!
"Mine was only about $800. It's a pretty decent one too.

Yes, I own a flute. Yes, I can play it. No, no, don't ask."
I do!!!!!!! Clarinet in symphonic band, alto sax in jazz, and I might re-learn violin for orchestra.
"Apparently, I don't have school today because both our boys and girls basketball teams won state.

Meanwhile, no one cares about our Science Olympiad team... meh."
No, the real reason is because it's National Bracket Day.
So do you guys do In The Know?
"Regional's is Saturday and today during an after school practice I decided to help the JV team out with their mousetrap vehicle. Bad idea >.<
I had not realized how ill prepared they are! Their car moves about five inches and then grinds to a halt. They have gone SIX MONTHS without learning how tighten their wheels properly! They have been modeling their car off of ours.... Now they are mad at me because I will not fix their car for them!!!

Sorry for the rant, I just needed to get that out of my system!"
Must say I like my username
"How'd you get it changed?
Why'd you get it changed?"
Ask. Robot...
I liked the old name better. Just saying...
"This is generally frowned upon unless you have a good reason. For example, I had my nickname changed (from RandomPerson52 to RandomPerson) because another user created an account very very similar to mine, and it was causing a mix up. Stuff like that.

Please don't overwhelm the mods with these requests if you would."
Okay, seriously mods? You changed my avatar and my nick!!! And I didn't even give you permission to!

falls out of chair laughing
"+1

In other news, 2-hour delays for frosh, sophs, and seniors while juniors take state-mandated standardized testing? I think so. (And missing an entire day of school for a math competition on Pi Day, then going to SO practice? I think so too.)"
I think you've become an object of motivation for my team they want first place back and a bit of redemption I mean we look kinda back next to our B division right now...
Wonderful, I'm glad I've been an influence on other teams. Who knows, maybe you guys will work towards states more than usual and we'll both perform well. As long as we place higher than you I'm fine.
"Today was an annoying day for me

Boy 1 was complaining all day about wanting a third event, and when he got it he went all: ""Ugghh....can't I have a different one, anything besides Bottle Rockets""
when he barely worked on his other events

Boy 2 has been sneaking out to help test Bottle Rockets, when it's not even his event. I had to actually tell the boy not to sneak out the window."
lalalalala we do nothing on days with pssas because our school is afraid of my grade not getting proficent or above.... and I'M SO BORED
"On this day, two year ago, I joined this site.

Happy π day y'all."
Well, I guess this day two years ago was the beginning of the apocalypse... just kidding
I'm now a state alternate!
I'm now a tornado again!
Congrats!
Lol, that was pretty awesome while it lasted
Happy pi day, everyone!!!
In three years it'll be 3.14.15
3-14-15 9:26.535897932384626433832795028841 and more
MANDATORY HAPPY PI DAY POST!!!
EpicFailOlympian
Wow, really?
Whoo, looks like I'm not going to MIT!
Hooray! We were all so concerned that you might end up there!
Sorry to hear that, but I'm glad you're not despondent about it or anything. You'll be fine wherever you go. And hey, I'm not going to MIT either!
Naw, Koko is going to Harvard...
"Nah, she's just going to Stanford.

Which brings me to the obligatory: ""Of course you go to Stanford! You're Asian!"""
Actually, no. She got accepted into Stanford, so she's going there.
I would like to interject: I just took a college visit up to Northwestern, and it must be the most disproportionately Asian place in the Midwest.
"Actually, MIT has a larger proportion of Asian-American undergraduates than does Stanford. While MIT's undergraduate population is 25.8% Asian-American (1129 out of 4384), Stanford's undergraduate population is 21.5% Asian-American (1486 out of 6927).

Sources: http://web.mit.edu/facts/enrollment.html and http://facts.stanford.edu/undergraduate.html"
Then again, there is UC Irvine, with a whopping 58% Asian student body population
You should go to the South Harmon Institute of Technology!
I predict that the next person to post on the "Change a Letter" thread will post "harp."
"Actually, Alpha and forever are right. I am quite excited.
Luo wrote:
AlphaTauri wrote:
Kokonilly wrote:
Sorry to hear that, but I'm glad you're not despondent about it or anything. You'll be fine wherever you go. And hey, I'm not going to MIT either!
Nah, she's just going to Stanford.

Which brings me to the obligatory: ""Of course you go to Stanford! You're Asian!""
Actually, MIT has a larger proportion of Asian-American undergraduates than does Stanford. While MIT's undergraduate population is 25.8% Asian-American (1129 out of 4384), Stanford's undergraduate population is 21.5% Asian-American (1486 out of 6927).

Sources: http://web.mit.edu/facts/enrollment.html and http://facts.stanford.edu/undergraduate.html
Oh, interesting. And Caltech's undergraduates have an even higher proportion - 38.8% (379 out of 978)."
"NOOO!!! tuftedtitmouse12 has foiled my prediction on ""Change a Letter.""
Hmm...the forecast in tuftedtitmouse12's yard calls for a few flying ninja cats and a 'special package.'"
No difference yet...
Keep your eyes out for these: http://1.bp.blogspot.com/_gTJMEP-c2fo/S ... Kitten.jpg
You know you're getting really absent-minded when you walk into your bathroom to get a book and walk out brushing your teeth for no apparent reason. At 3 PM. >.>
"8 days till state and I have now been put on Anatomy

Mizzou and Norfolk St. have ticked me off."
You know it's bad when you need to keep books in your bathroom in the first place...
...*removes books from bathroom*
"Yea, me too... :/ Same thing happened to Duke...

Delayed onset muscle soreness is not fun. Can't bend my arm, let alone doing one push up. Be aware of this if first time weight training. No pain, no gain. Learned that in AP Sadistics"
You mean AP Statistics, right? Please say yes
So, I've always heard rumors of other teams having a class for science olympiad, and on our team, we've even said that that's the reason why those power schools do so well. But today, I over heard some kids talking that our school had a class :O
You don't realize just how many books you've got laying around until you get a new bookshelf and have to clean it all up...
"That just bugs me to pieces when I even hear about classes for extra-curricular activities. It's an unfair time advantage to those of us that have both graduation requirements to fill and classes you don't want to drop (I have to finish gym out this year, and there is NO way I would ever drop my language, nor band.) I participated in Future City during middle school and there was rumors going around about a school (that competed only every other year) that required its student - and there wasn't even any guarantee they would be on the competition team - to take a class, and then audition for the presentation spots. When they beat us that year and got to go to Washington DC for nationals... needless to say, I still hold a grudge.

The rant is over now"
Team qualified for state! Yayayayaya!
Congratulations
Actually, I don't think most schools do have a class. Even if my school did, I don't see how I'd make it fit into my schedule.
Neh, I'm not saying they do ... I've just had bad experience with it.
State here we come!!! Our team got 10 golds at regionals to the 2nd place teams 2
"science olympiad rox
it is so fun

-kazdata"
"Good Luck
(out of curiosity) Why does N. Carolina run a lot of Trial Events?"
Me is going to Orlando!
"Cool...

I'm taking a break, then i have 6 pages of note-sheets to do"
"North Carolina plays by its own set of rules... They are not run as trial events, but in the place of other national events. For instance, this year Awesome Aquifers was replaced with Heredity.
Sometimes this is done because the event supervisor of years past lives in NC ( We ALWAYS do Food Science). Others because they are easier to run.

Gotta love NC !!!"
"Cool...I couldn't handle Food Science every year. I think I only placed cause most of the schools didn't understand (This being a new event and everything)
Heredity seems really interesting"
Me neither! Food science is just too vague! I think thats why we placed too because we had no idea in the test, but I guess the other schools had even less of an idea of what was going on so we placed third! Now we're kinda stuck on what to do for state though...
"[quote=""geminicross"" ]
Cool...I couldn't handle Food Science every year. I think I only placed cause most of the schools didn't understand (This being a new event and everything)
Heredity seems really interesting[/quote]

Heredity Is my favorite event I have had! And Food Sci every yr SUCKS We have different kids do it every year because no one wants to be stuck with it twice. I took my turn in 6th grade and have yet to recover."
"[/quote]
Oh...I have to train the 7th & 6th graders to do it next year, if I don't join back as a 9th grader.

and 135scioly: Yeah, everytime I look at a nutrition label I want to throw myself at a fence. Our coach made a nice little flip book that helped. We just clipped it into our 3 ring binder, and it really helped. But the event was extremely vauge, cause I can guarantee that the only math question we got right was about density. And my partner who i had for it isn't going to state, so i have to lead while the 7th grader gets taught how to do it."
"No. I meant AP Sadistics. Never heard of it? Look it up in your Honors Study Hall. Or is it AP Study Hall? Wait, of course you're taking AP HONORS Study Hall.

The second part of the joke was about sadistic sport coaches. A part of this part was that '""No pain, no gain"" is a hackneyed dictum of sadistic coaches everywhere.""' - Word Smart The third part you got, which the Sadistics<--->Statistics thing. Thriple pun, have a nice day.

Oh, on a random note, why aren't pepper spray used in robberies more often? (By the robber, not the victim) I mean, all you gotta do is spray pepper spray in the victim's face, (in a dark alley street, of course) and when they are in the ground crying their face off, take their wallet, phone, keys, shoes, or Science Olympiad notes etc. And, because they're crying their face off, they couldn't get a description of you. Plus, if you did get caught, you couldn't be charged with armed robbery - much better than threatening with knives or guns.

Opps, I believe I just inspired a lot of novice criminals there.

Yay for NC State. Boo to the victories of Marquette and Indiana. Go Creighton, Norfolk State, Ohio, LeHigh, and Purdue! Anyone else disappointed that Butler didn't make it this year?"
"If Butler had made it, their wins would no longer be upsets *Shrugs*. I am surprised VCU is out though, I though they had more in them.

As far as sabotage goes: can anyone drive me to J.C Booth, and loan me some pepper spray?"
Pepper spray? When in doubt, use C-4.
@EFO: Lehigh has only one capital letter.
"Reply urge 1: Thank you for that trivial, nitpicky observation.

Reply urge 2: I wrote ""LeHigh"" and I will continue well, not really, since you pointed that out... but only in this post to write ""LeHigh"" Bother you much?

LeHigh lost :'( There were doing great in the first 15 minutes. It's a shame that LeHigh didn't make it to the Sweet 16."
There has been a shooting slump curse on all underdog teams in the tourney this year... VCU, Lehigh, Purdue, Norfolk State etc... This sweet 16 is the sour 16 other then Ohio and Xaiver.
"All this basketball talk...-_- Sounds like gibberish...
I've always wondered what the world would be like if professional sports didn't exist. I guess it'd be weird."
So about those brackets...
"""What kind of reefer are you smoking?!""

First, it's college basketball. Not the NBA/the professional sports you're talking about. I wasn't really into sports until couple years ago, so I feel you. Bunch of the names are Colleges. An underdog is a the team least likely to win. Since you're sleeping under a rock, it's March Madness. There is a tournament in which 64 of the teams with the best records compete for the national title. Surely you've seen a bracket?

A world without sports would be weird. Very weird. Nothing to live for, cuz we'll couldn't compete against another. Then we'll never know who's best. FYI, quizbowl and Science Olympiad? and chess are technically ""sports"". Know the word ""Mathletes""?"
@efo I agree. Except there are 68 teams.
Wait, you guys are talking about basketball? I thought it was baseball or football or something...
That would be like me writing MissOuri. It is in no way trivial. So yes, it bothers me. I do appreciate that you will no longer assault my eyes with that awful eyesore again, though.
"That would be like me writing MissOuri. It is in no way trivial. So yes, it bothers me. I do appreciate that you will no longer assault my eyes with that awful eyesore again, though.

And forever (and SciBomb), yes, it's basketball. Football's been over for a month and a half, and baseball starts in April. Do you two make an effort to avoid sports at all costs? <--not sarcastic"
"We don't make an effort to avoid it. Okay, we might make an effort to stay out of the world of sports...despite the fact that SciBomb is, against all expectations, really quite athletic. The fact that neither one of us really care about professional sports doesn't exactly help. Plus, we live in a town that is footballfootballfootball. So when the word ""sports"" come up, my first thought is automatically ""football"".
I know nothing about sports. SciBomb knows more than me...and that in itself is a sad, sad thing.
You know, the world might actually be a better place without professional sports...just recreational ones.
LeHigh."
"-_-

I guess coming from Auburn, that makes sense.

I like saying ""Ogallala"". Ogallala Ogallala Ogallala."
...Hurr, how was I supposed to know what they were when someone comes up to me and asks if I'd made brackets yet...
and I thought I was weird for saying that throughout school one day
"What does ""Ogallala"" mean? The city? The aquifer? Just a fun word to say? Eyjafjallajökull is a fun word to say. I'm going to learn Icelandic someday.

Me no good on Popular Culture. Ask Z.

Well, I'm a little better now, at least I know who this ""Justin Bieber"" character is. Music not really that bad though.

Football is great, but it's harder to upset than in basketball.

I like football. It's spring training, and I actually see black people. I miss black people. Love the awesomeness and the slang and the rap and the brotherhood. Y U NO TAKE HONOR CLASS! WE NEED U TO DISRUPT THE CLASS AND MAKE IT MORE ENTERTAINING.

I can now see why white chicks go for black dudes. They're just in a permanent state of badbutterfly (bada--) awesomeness.
""This bus smell fruity, bro.""

HAPPY FIRST DAY OF SPRING!!! Er, I should but don't have time to change by avatar to a springy one"
By any chance are you referring to Chippewa Middle School? The reason I ask is that I know they participate in Future City every other year and consistently qualify for the national competition in Washington, DC. If you are indeed referring to Chippewa Middle School, I can tell you with certainty that the rumor of them having a mandatory class is untrue. I went to Chippewa, and the way the Future City team is formed is that the advisor makes a recruitment pitch to the advanced classes, then selects the team through an interview process. Unfortunately I did not get to participate because it was not offered the year I was in 8th grade (as I mentioned, they only participate every other year).
I remember Future City! I couldn't go the day of the competition (though I can't remember why), but I can say with a fair amount of certainty that we would have gotten 3rd in the state if our coach had turned in all of the paperwork.
What's Future City?
"It's a competition wherein teams of middle schoolers design a futuristic city (including all attributes of the city, such as transportation, living, etc.), create a scale model of the city, and write up a explanation of the features of the city. You can read more about it at http://www.futurecity.org/about.

Chippewa Middle School has won the Minnesota competition the past six times it has participated: http://www.futurecity.org/region/about-us
Chippewa also does quite well at nationals, and it has won the national championship at least once."
Haha, I was thinking the same exact thing when I read Allinea's post. I'm pretty positive there's no class at Chippewa, but I do know that they work pretty hard for about 6 months--probably with the same intensity that we approach Scioly.
Yay for terrible headaches and new glasses!
"Wow, I was on the same team as Allinea, thank you for clearing that up!

Though I think that SciOly beats Future City any day at intensity!"
"Warning: rant.

I have never been nice to lazy people (not laid back, just straight up won't-do-work-ever). My bio class was assigned a challenging gel analysis assignment, which, in my opinion, shouldn't have even been difficult. Biology has become my favorite subject this year, and I've put hours of effort into studying nearly every concept and participating in most class discussions. I'm one of the only people who doesn't just breeze over homework; I actually put a lot of thought into each question. TLDR; I work hard and it shows.

There's this kid I know. I'm not even FRIENDS with him, but I was stuck sitting next to him this entire year. He's one of those lazy kids who are good at one specific subject, riding his confidence on the fact that he got a 5 on AP Chem next year and blowing everything off with, ""I hate Biology because it's memorizing a bunch of useless information I'll never need to know."" He has a flat 3.0 (my school is ridiculously generous with grades) but assumes he'll get into top-tier schools because ""I'm good at MATH science."" That being said, he has always tried to copy my homework. Doesn't matter when, doesn't matter why. I never let him, though, just because I really dislike laziness (me during the weeks leading up to State is scary.) I have never allowed anyone to look off of my work. Not even my close friends, let alone a kid I barely tolerate. I have helped him by going over key concepts and included him in group projects (in which he never does any work). I am literally the reason why he passed biology last semester. TLDR; he's a conceited, slightly intelligent lazy ass.

It's partly my fault for leaving my paper out on my desk, because as I was getting out my textbook and notes, I saw my teacher walk by his desk and grab off two papers. I looked back at my desk and my assignment was gone. The kid just shrugged: ""Oh yeah, I took it, and he saw."" I don't know if it was the prospect of a great point loss that matter (not like he had been doing his homework anyways?), but I guess something made him take intiative and cheat off of me. My teacher later said the assignment would count as extra credit, at which I was elated, because who doesn't like free points? I got my paper back and it said, ""No Credit."" The cheater just shrugged and said he'd explain to the teacher, and half-heartedly apologized. I talked to my teacher, and he said he would look over it, but he didn't seem to believe me.

When I said that I had been helping this kid, he replied, ""Well, _____ is a smart kid, he'll go far. He doesn't need help"" and then went on about not wanting to encourage laziness in his class, and that he understood the pressure to ""be a good friend"" and ""succeed academically."" He then told me I should consider the academic stress of college: ""______ probably knows, and you should understand..."" WHAT. It angers me that my teacher doesn't believe me, when I've been the hardest working student and genuinely interested in this class, while this other kid sleeps in class, never does his work, fails nearly every test, doesn't respect the class, and is favored?!?! He doesn't even talk to the teacher, ever.

I am livid. Part of me just wants to cry because now whenever my teacher sees me, he'll think I'm someone who just acquiesces and lets others copy her homework, and there's nothing I can fix about that. And I'm not. I'm really opinionated and I stand for what I believe in. The other part of me is going to keep doing well in biology--grin and bear it. I guess in the end, I value the education more than my self image. pigeon shame, because I was really considering this teacher for a letter of recommendation next year, since I'd like to go into gene therapy.

I'm a fool for trying too hard in this class. I want to learn so I can fix things, so I can IMPROVE others' medical conditions (if I went into my ambitions right now, this would get even longer.) In the end, I only get used and disrespected. :/

Is it sad that I'm using my anger to build a new ramp for Gravity Vehicle?"
"I'm really sorry Teal. I think some teachers have the same, unfair mentality toward all the high schoolers they teach: guilty until proven innocent. Perhaps you could respectfully request a seat change to prevent any future issues?

In the very least, your anger motivated you to do something productive... so that's a good small thing to come out of it."
"Don't beat yourself up, things happen (You should probably get your seat changed though, or yell to your parents).

It sucks when people try to interpret what you say. (Like when they say is ""your friend"" you, when you say your friend is having a problem"
Teal, it's not right when you constantly have to be wary. It's draining to do so. Like what Aia suggested, see if you could get a new seat?
"Just went on a school field trip to see the Hunger Games. They DIDN'T mess up the whole story line! :O
But in all honesty, it was good. Very good. Haymitch was the best.
We are the first school in the world to see the Hunger Games! (as a field trip, total, entirety, etc.)"
Your school took a field trip to see The Hunger Games? They're a good series, but... why?
Jealous. Our 7th graders got to take a field trip to see it... >.<
Dang...don't ruin the whole movie but...on a scale of 1-10 how good was it and what was your favorite scene?
They read the Hunger Game series in eighth grade. We did too last year. Man, I'm kinda jealous too, as a ninth grader...I was sitting in biology and English while the eighth grade half of our school took a nice little trip to the movies. Sooo not fair.
"I haven't seen many movies, to be quite honest. Maybe 8 or 9 in my life that I actually remember. I would rate it as an 8 or so. It was good, and stuck to the story line, but they just left out or screwed up some details, like no Madge and leaves not being chewed up, the dogs not having tribute faces, etc. My favorite part? When the huge dog jumped out all of a sudden. The entire theater screamed. Loudly. And this was a girls' theater, so it was like 250 girls screaming at the top of their lungs. And I was just laughing...and laughing at them. It was hilarious.
SciBomb97 wrote:
Kokonilly wrote:
foreverphysics wrote:
Just went on a school field trip to see the Hunger Games. They DIDN'T mess up the whole story line! :O
Your school took a field trip to see The Hunger Games? They're a good series, but... why?
They read the Hunger Game series in eighth grade. We did too last year. Man, I'm kinda jealous too, as a ninth grader...I was sitting in biology and English while the eighth grade half of our school took a nice little trip to the movies. Sooo not fair.
Oh, shut up, you went to the Shakespeare Festival. We didn't. And you were gone for the entire day. Although...we really didn't do anything for the rest of the day. Just kinda relaxed and did whatever we wanted. No lessons, no nothing."
"Woah, you read it in school? I wasn't aware schools did that. Is it common for such series to be taught? Is Harry Potter also taught in schools?
Hm. Series such as the Hunger Games and Harry Potter are very readable, so I don't think they would be hard to learn about in class, but I don't know if I would enjoy them as much if I learned about them in school. That's very interesting."
"We read The Hunger Games as summer reading for 9th grade Honors English, because it had similar themes and literary devices like that as Lord of the Flies (the previous 9th grade summer reading). I had read it before, and I can say that it was definitely better to read it for fun than as a part of English class - overanalyzing minor details != enjoyable. In general, many of the books we're required to read for English (THG, Animal Farm, etc.) I'd actually enjoy reading for fun, but having to analyze it just takes all the fun out of it.

Also, I'm at Regionals right now...let's rock this."
I'm going to watch The Hunger Games right after regionals. Because everyone here knows scioly > Hunger Games any day.
"Yeah, that's what I was thinking... pity. I've also heard schools are teaching The Fault in Our Stars by John Green (which EVERYONE SHOULD READ), and I think that's a shame as well. On the other hand, schools do need to teach some books to kids for a basic literary education - I just don't like the overanalysis, forced discussion, and general beating the crap out of the books.

Good luck to everyone with competitions this weekend! I depart for California tomorrow morning."
"Just went on a school field trip to see the Hunger Games. They DIDN'T mess up the whole story line! :O
But in all honesty, it was good. Very good. Haymitch was the best.
We are the first school in the world to see the Hunger Games! (as a field trip, total, entirety, etc.)"
Your school took a field trip to see The Hunger Games? They're a good series, but... why?
Jealous. Our 7th graders got to take a field trip to see it... >.<
Dang...don't ruin the whole movie but...on a scale of 1-10 how good was it and what was your favorite scene?
They read the Hunger Game series in eighth grade. We did too last year. Man, I'm kinda jealous too, as a ninth grader...I was sitting in biology and English while the eighth grade half of our school took a nice little trip to the movies. Sooo not fair.
"I haven't seen many movies, to be quite honest. Maybe 8 or 9 in my life that I actually remember. I would rate it as an 8 or so. It was good, and stuck to the story line, but they just left out or screwed up some details, like no Madge and leaves not being chewed up, the dogs not having tribute faces, etc. My favorite part? When the huge dog jumped out all of a sudden. The entire theater screamed. Loudly. And this was a girls' theater, so it was like 250 girls screaming at the top of their lungs. And I was just laughing...and laughing at them. It was hilarious.
SciBomb97 wrote:
Kokonilly wrote:
foreverphysics wrote:
Just went on a school field trip to see the Hunger Games. They DIDN'T mess up the whole story line! :O
Your school took a field trip to see The Hunger Games? They're a good series, but... why?
They read the Hunger Game series in eighth grade. We did too last year. Man, I'm kinda jealous too, as a ninth grader...I was sitting in biology and English while the eighth grade half of our school took a nice little trip to the movies. Sooo not fair.
Oh, shut up, you went to the Shakespeare Festival. We didn't. And you were gone for the entire day. Although...we really didn't do anything for the rest of the day. Just kinda relaxed and did whatever we wanted. No lessons, no nothing."
"Woah, you read it in school? I wasn't aware schools did that. Is it common for such series to be taught? Is Harry Potter also taught in schools?
Hm. Series such as the Hunger Games and Harry Potter are very readable, so I don't think they would be hard to learn about in class, but I don't know if I would enjoy them as much if I learned about them in school. That's very interesting."
"We read The Hunger Games as summer reading for 9th grade Honors English, because it had similar themes and literary devices like that as Lord of the Flies (the previous 9th grade summer reading). I had read it before, and I can say that it was definitely better to read it for fun than as a part of English class - overanalyzing minor details != enjoyable. In general, many of the books we're required to read for English (THG, Animal Farm, etc.) I'd actually enjoy reading for fun, but having to analyze it just takes all the fun out of it.

Also, I'm at Regionals right now...let's rock this."
I'm going to watch The Hunger Games right after regionals. Because everyone here knows scioly > Hunger Games any day.
"Yeah, that's what I was thinking... pity. I've also heard schools are teaching The Fault in Our Stars by John Green (which EVERYONE SHOULD READ), and I think that's a shame as well. On the other hand, schools do need to teach some books to kids for a basic literary education - I just don't like the overanalysis, forced discussion, and general beating the crap out of the books.

Good luck to everyone with competitions this weekend! I depart for California tomorrow morning."
"Just went on a school field trip to see the Hunger Games. They DIDN'T mess up the whole story line! :O
But in all honesty, it was good. Very good. Haymitch was the best.
We are the first school in the world to see the Hunger Games! (as a field trip, total, entirety, etc.)"
Your school took a field trip to see The Hunger Games? They're a good series, but... why?
Jealous. Our 7th graders got to take a field trip to see it... >.<
Dang...don't ruin the whole movie but...on a scale of 1-10 how good was it and what was your favorite scene?
They read the Hunger Game series in eighth grade. We did too last year. Man, I'm kinda jealous too, as a ninth grader...I was sitting in biology and English while the eighth grade half of our school took a nice little trip to the movies. Sooo not fair.
"I haven't seen many movies, to be quite honest. Maybe 8 or 9 in my life that I actually remember. I would rate it as an 8 or so. It was good, and stuck to the story line, but they just left out or screwed up some details, like no Madge and leaves not being chewed up, the dogs not having tribute faces, etc. My favorite part? When the huge dog jumped out all of a sudden. The entire theater screamed. Loudly. And this was a girls' theater, so it was like 250 girls screaming at the top of their lungs. And I was just laughing...and laughing at them. It was hilarious.
SciBomb97 wrote:
Kokonilly wrote:
foreverphysics wrote:
Just went on a school field trip to see the Hunger Games. They DIDN'T mess up the whole story line! :O
Your school took a field trip to see The Hunger Games? They're a good series, but... why?
They read the Hunger Game series in eighth grade. We did too last year. Man, I'm kinda jealous too, as a ninth grader...I was sitting in biology and English while the eighth grade half of our school took a nice little trip to the movies. Sooo not fair.
Oh, shut up, you went to the Shakespeare Festival. We didn't. And you were gone for the entire day. Although...we really didn't do anything for the rest of the day. Just kinda relaxed and did whatever we wanted. No lessons, no nothing."
"Woah, you read it in school? I wasn't aware schools did that. Is it common for such series to be taught? Is Harry Potter also taught in schools?
Hm. Series such as the Hunger Games and Harry Potter are very readable, so I don't think they would be hard to learn about in class, but I don't know if I would enjoy them as much if I learned about them in school. That's very interesting."
"We read The Hunger Games as summer reading for 9th grade Honors English, because it had similar themes and literary devices like that as Lord of the Flies (the previous 9th grade summer reading). I had read it before, and I can say that it was definitely better to read it for fun than as a part of English class - overanalyzing minor details != enjoyable. In general, many of the books we're required to read for English (THG, Animal Farm, etc.) I'd actually enjoy reading for fun, but having to analyze it just takes all the fun out of it.

Also, I'm at Regionals right now...let's rock this."
I'm going to watch The Hunger Games right after regionals. Because everyone here knows scioly > Hunger Games any day.
"Yeah, that's what I was thinking... pity. I've also heard schools are teaching The Fault in Our Stars by John Green (which EVERYONE SHOULD READ), and I think that's a shame as well. On the other hand, schools do need to teach some books to kids for a basic literary education - I just don't like the overanalysis, forced discussion, and general beating the crap out of the books.

Good luck to everyone with competitions this weekend! I depart for California tomorrow morning."
Does anybody here also do science bowl?
I did last year!
Well duh, we were on the same team.
Yeah... To Kill a Mockingbird is one I read last year in ninth, and it''s definitely one everyone should read. But after spending a third of the year, it got old and was too drawn out. Just this year we read Grapes of Wrath, and it might have been tolerable but discussing every single quote was annoying.
We read it. It's a good read, but like you said, it's really slow...
I also read TKaM freshman year - excellent book; I really enjoyed it by not paying attention to class discussion. But for example, we just read Antony and Cleopatra in AP Lit, and it was the first Shakespeare play I didn't enjoy reading, mostly because our teacher forced us to write in the book a lot and actually checked our books for complete notes. I wound up focusing on finding words to define (we had to find one per page) rather than the plot, and the whole experience was just unpleasant. I read Hamlet, Macbeth, and Romeo and Juliet for school, but I didn't write in them and I didn't pay attention to class discussion if it didn't interest me. I also read King Lear just for fun, so not liking a Shakespeare play is unusual for me.
"went to see the Hunger Games. It was kinda corny in the beginning, and they made Prim seem a little too feeble. And the way Katniss said ""D---"" was kinda annoying.
With that said, I loved Ceasar, Rue, Thresh, and Foxface in the books. Gale could've used for speaking time but this was a good intro and it was pretty cool."
I was an extra in the movie (It was filmed in my area) We went to the midnight premiere. I thought the movie was to fast passed. I actually really loved willow as prim, I stood near her in the reaping and she is the sweetest kid ever:D
That's awesome, I wish I was in a movie
That random moment when you're out running and you see a squirrel watching you go by from a patch of grass off to the right...
"The awkward moment when you somehow get into a shouting match with your best friend about whether jam or a large aquifer is better, and then another friend breaks in saying that oboes are better, and then someone else breaks in saying Haymitch is better, and then someone else breaks in saying Rue is better, and then it sounds like this:
JAMJAMJAMJAMJAM
OGALLALAOGALLALAOGALLALA (the aquifer in question was the Ogallala Aquifer)
OBOESOBOESOBOESOBOES
HAYMITCHHAYMITCHHAYMITCH
RUERUERUERUERUE
All at the same time."
OGALLALA IS BETTER. It always has been and it always wll be! OGALLALA OGALLALA OGALLALA OGALLALA OGALLALA OGALLALA
"Yes, Rue is better

The time where you're at state, and we're playing Categories.
And the Category is sports and someone says, ""The Hunger Games""
Then that's all you hear all day"
"The time where during the pizza party after regional you get into a screaming match with two guy friends about the pros/cons of Gale and Peeta, them decide that really you are all team rue/prim....

And then the time a week later, where after going to the midnight premiere you get in the same fight again and this time chose...

... HEYMITCH <----Woody was so good"
"So (almost) everyone's seen Hunger Games already? I definitely will, but I'm giving it a week or two to let the crowds die down.

Finished up life guard training today, and I was sitting around with some people waiting to be called over to practice back-boarding spinal injuries and we were all half listening/watching to a WSA (water safety aide; step below instructor with less pay) mock lesson. The kid was supposed to 'teach' the other kids butterfly stroke and all we heard was ""It's been three sessions now, so we're going to start learning how to do butterfly. That means if you drown its all your fault... kinda."" We all cracked up laughing, because if anyone told that to an about 7-10 year old, the kids would cry."
"I would like to state that i feel oboes are better.

And I realize I didn't post after regionals for NEPA... So I took first in Forestry! So happy! And we made it to states, a first for East Stroudsburg High School South."
"The clouds around Auburn are acting very weird today. First it's pouring for several minutes, then it's calm. And then it pours for another few minutes, and now it's calm again. And still, the clouds are there...I mean HOW MUCH WATER IS IN THOSE STINKIN CLOUDS?
The good news is that our car is shiny again...shiny car ftw."
"Hah, yeah. I spent a good hour and a half yesterday running around in the rain till I was completely soaked. And I was wearing a long fancy skirt and that terrible SO t-shirt. I think those people who saw me may have possibly been scared.
You know, it rained about a week ago, so it makes sense that it's going to rain again...and heavily. So there's gotta be quite a bit of water in those clouds.
And darling,haven't you realized that this happens EVERY time when it rains? Obviously you haven't been paying much attention to the rain since you moved here. Either that or Canadian rain is different and you're just not used to this awesome rain from Auburn."
http://ga.water.usgs.gov/edu/earthwherewater.html
Just watched the Hunger Games last night. It's good, but they did omit/change many things from the book. That is to be expected, however.










"That lovely moment when you realize that OH MYGOD VIOLIN STATES IS THIS SATURDAY and you realize that you also have to study for Nats. Oh, and let's not forget standardized testing, shall we? I'm going to fail the language portion of it... >.<
Please tell me that violins at generally supposed to make a noise like a strangled raven..."
"That was weird. I was just thinking ""I really should check Scioly now, I haven't been on in a while"".
I know I've been inactive. In all honesty, I feel I have little to offer. I did absolutely no studying this whole year, although I somehow managed to medal in all of my events at Regionals. Because I didn't study, I feel I can't really contribute to either the Wiki or to the event threads. Also, I didn't make the team this year (which may have something to do with my lack of studying) and although I can accept that it is my own fault, it still bummed me out a lot. So that made me less feel like coming on here. Lastly, when I started to check again, I realized how many new members are becoming active, and I realized that the people I used to talk to a lot are either inactive (brobo), absent (Idaho) or promoted beyond recognition (Z and Random). So the field of people is very different now, in a lot of ways, and there's none of the ""Let's see what Z's up to right now"" impulse or anything because most of the people I'm interested in reconnecting with are gone.
On top of that, junior year sucks. SO MUCH HOMEWORK.
Anyway, I think I'll be back a lot more next year. I think I may start studying again. And to answer your question, yes. I will be in Orlando in a few weeks."
Cool, I will see you in Florida then. I think a reprise of the awkward shoulder-staring-greeting thing is in order.
"Definitely. I want to do that. Look for the Asian girl with the large puffy hair, probably going around with a tall Asian guy, a relatively short Asian girl, and a tall Caucasian guy with blond hair. Coincidentally, all four of us are members on this forum.
Online awkward staring thing...commence."
Haha...I did the awkward shoulder-staring-greeting thing with paleonaps last year when I saw him on the street at lunchtime the day before the competition.
USAMO
Oklahoma still doesn't appear to have dropped any teams yet...
Story of basically all of our lives, man. And at least you actually get to go to Orlando, though that's a bummer about not making your team this year (seriously though, they do that? We only kick returning members off if they're completely unproductive. Then again, you're going to nationals and we aren't...)
It's especially tough when you have to cut senior(s) due to the 7-senior limit, particularly if those seniors truly deserve a spot on the team. We had to cut a member of last year's national team from this year's team due to the 7-senior limit. It was genuinely heartbreaking to have to tell him.
You were such a creeper that day. I remember you staring at WM's team as they passed us, and eventually ran after them.
Says the one who has a creeper as his avvie jk naps you're still a creeper
"The county has recommended closing my school (and a few elementary schools) starting 2013-2014. So this year may have been our last year with Science Olympiad, or next year will be. At least we went to State this year

I'll be in 9th grade for the last year my school is scheduled to be operational (2012-2013).
I do hope everything works out, with the teachers and all. Hopefully the team continues on."
"I'm not a senior. Thankfully, it seems I may make it next year.
Anyway, I had completely forgotten about the creepy shoulder staring greeting thing. But it does need to happen."
The same thing happened to me, paleonaps. I was on the states team last year, but I had some problems at regionals, and another builder went in my place to states. The worst part was, he did really terribly at states, far worse than what I would have done, because he waited until a week before to start working. It was really frustrating.
"yeah it does stink sometimes. But its better than the alternative (risking having teams with 10+ seniors sweeping everyone). FM does this, and I think its a good strategy: Don't take on more than 7 of any year, that way when that year becomes the senior year, you won't have to cut anybody.

The 5 student limit on 9th graders (I believe only applies if your district separates your 9th graders into the high school) is much harsher, it makes cuts a lot less avoidable. I ended up not doing SO my 9th grade year partially because of it (there were 6 9th graders competing for those 5 spots without me)."
Your 8th graders CARED enough about doing scioly ninth grade year? In the last several years, we had no more than 3 ever do it at the junior high, and this year we had none. Next year, though, I hope to have the full arsenal.
"It's going to be PAIN next year to cut our team to 5 ninth graders.
Luckily, I'm one of the gray people."
At least for ninth grader, you may still have an option of competing at the high school level. For seniors, if there's too many, you're done.
I got a 37/40 on the NLE! Gold medal!
Do that many schools actually have 9th graders on their team pulled from the high school? I know our district (Kennedy JHS) has never done it - I didn't realize it was such common practice. We did have a self-imposed limit based on tryouts - if you didn't make the top 15 by the end and you were an 8th grader, sucks to be you, can't be on JV or alternates. Dunnno if they still do that, though.
"Nice, what level?
I've got two golds so far, of which in level 1 I got 39/40, so close to perfect"

"Uhhh... what type of post is that luo? there is nothing on it lol..
edit: Nevermind"
Oh whoops, didn't realize that IL 2012 has the most posts...
"Luo, +1 (I would say +infinity, but LaTeX isn't working for me right now for whatever reason).

In other news, all my teachers seem to think that piling on work right after break is perfectly acceptable. The end-of-year-cram-in-material-for-finals rush seems to be starting a little early this year...probably has something to do with the fact that I'm also experiencing the cram-in-material-we-should-have-covered-a-long-time-ago-before-the-AP-test rush this year for the first time."
We still have not gotten ours back yet. I think I did good.
Yeah, the 5 ninth graders rule schucks. We could've used some more 9er's. I was scared I would be cut this year. Eh, I didn't do much this year though. Let the diligent 8th graders do all the work
And +∞ to you for using LaTeX.
"This year was the first year my school brought someone back. And our coached liked the idea of bringing back 1 Ninth Grader each year, so that's most likely what we're doing for the upcoming years. And if we have a team next year, I'm the returning 9th grader (I was the only 8th grader on our team that wasn't an alternate, and went to both regionals and state.)

I'm also trying to make some tests for Scioly, considering how bored I am with my season being over.
I've been working on a Keep The Heat test lately, but it might not be hard enough."
"My first NLE, hope to get that award sometime...

Latin 1.

My class doesn't take intro, but I still thought the test was exceedingly easy. I take with the Lukeion Project, you?

FOUR people from the Lukeion Project's Latin II got perfects! -___-..."
heh, sorry guys
Oh, that's rich! Now we need one of those "Science Olympiad Memes" pages...not.
Ugghhh second day this week that I had homework in every subject. And of course I have debate in sup study, extra so practice, AND ballet.
Rich, but very, very true.
This Saturday will be the 100th anniversary of when the Titanic hit the iceberg.
As well as Super Saturday
What's super saturday?
Tomorrow is Saturday. April 14. And 14 States will have their State competition on that day.
Today, it's Friday the 13th.
Filler
"Yeah and today is building events for Texas
Luckily my robot did not catch on fire this time and the guy said I ""set the bar"""
"I don't have school today. *groan*. I guess Friday the 13th really is unlucky...
Yes, I like school. I have more to do there than at home."
Good luck to Tornado and other WA competitors at State competition!
Good luck to everyone in the fourteen different states having State competition tomorrow.
"Pssh, holding States on Super Saturday is too mainstream.

Cool states hold their competitions two weeks afterwards. And cool Science Olympians don't wait until they realize that ""ohcrap, states is in two weeks"" to do work. >.<"
And then there are those terrible states which have states two weeks BEFORE the 14th
See, you've already contradicted yourself
At state! Good luck all competitors!
I think that teams should have their regionals a month to a month and a half before states. It would not be too long, but teams could get significantly better. It would also give you a chance to see how good your competition is, without having to face them too soon.
We have state two weeks after Regionals. Which means we're done with States before the ides of March.
States are in two weeks at MSU. I am a Michigan fan... You figure out the rest.
"By the end of this day, I will be either very happy or very sad.

Good quote, Z."
"Ah, yes. I haven't been to states myself, this being my first year in here and all, but I understand the suspense and stress of this kind of stuff.
Best of luck to you!"
"Well played.

However, now that mention it, I prefer to think of that as an ironic logical commentary on the last-minute nature of Science Olympiad prep work - since there are no cool Science Olympians, it follows that there are no Science Olympians who don't wait until competition is uncomfortably soon to do work.

Edit: It is now 10:24 EDT. I predict that the Illinois thread will (figuratively) explode within the next 24 hours. Please, Illinoisans, prove me wrong. Alternatively, I will be happy if the Illinois thread literally explodes."
"So... tornado sirens are going off behind my house, and there's a deadly tornado or two the next county over.

Yet my dad just drove to the store for sugar, I'm doing calc homework, and no one is concerned about taking shelter at all.

I love living in Kansas."
Lolwut?!
lol, I'd probably be watching for lightning if there was any. I hate hail though.
"Hey, we're just not afraid of tornadoes here. It missed my part of the city, but I guess it caused a lot of damage elsewhere.

I don't do that as often as I go outside to watch tornadoes. Even if it had been light outside, though, I doubt I'd have been able to see the one last night. It was too far away.

Why do you hate hail? I love it!"
"I love all precipitation...

Be a friend to all precipitation!"
there.
^^Win.
Kansans are awesome. When I went to bed last night, there had been 70-something tornadoes in Kansas, and no one was killed. I doubt anyone even took shelter, we're just that awesome.
That's possible?!
Sure, we're posting how we did and who we saw and such, but it seems that we (or at least I... well, I should really be catching up on homework right now) are too tired from yesterday/need a break, so the thread isn't really exploding in the figurative or literal sense.
Hm, we all are. I got back so late and had to go somewhere so early this morning...and it's a shame I never have the ability to fall asleep during the day...
"Cedavis6 wrote:
That's possible?!
To add to the awesomeness\incredulity, there were 97 tornadoes total (some of which may be duplicates) in Kansas, I believe.

Kansans: made of steel."
Perhaps someone will get whisked off to the wonderful land of Oz, eh? With all these tornadoes, perhaps Z will be sucked into Oz and...you know what happens from there.
"At States, a teammate and I were talking about funny misinterpretations of what the announcer said at the awards ceremony. Here are some:
Von Steuben = How Stupid
Lane Tech = Lame Tech
Metea Valley = Potato Valley"
"Or they have a very wimpy definition of ""tornado""...
Kokonilly wrote:
AlphaTauri wrote:
cool Science Olympians
See, you've already contradicted yourself
I take that personally Koko >:("
There was one time in MN we had a random hail storm, and these pieces of hail were at least 1/2 inch to an inch. I swear every single room in the house has windows, so there's no "inside" rooms. It went on for 10-15 minutes straight and you could hear it in every single room I was like, 11, so I was freaking out that all the windows would break and the hail would fly in and hit me... seriously! It's one of those irrational fears I can't seem to get rid of, since the chance of me being hit by anything was basically zilch.
Sorry.... ignore this: accidental double post
"Kansas had 97 tornadoes in one day. Over the course of the entire 1950s, Michigan had 92. (Eastern Michigan University; Howe & Ojala)

But I'm sure you know a lot about tornadoes because this year in Michigan there have been a whopping... 5. (NOAA, whose definition of a tornado is quite consistent)

That must be a welcome relief after all of those tornadoes you had last year, though... all 11 of them. (NOAA again)

#computethisskills :P"
"So a few weeks ago, I went into the local elementary school's second grade classes to do a dinosaur lecture. My sister is a second grader, and she told me that they had started a unit on dinosaurs. I volunteered to go in and talk about my experience with Paul Sereno, who I went on a dig with last year.
I just got some thank-you notes back from them. Among them:

I think I'll spell it that way from now on.
Another Second-Grader wrote:
Dear [paleonaps]
Thank you for visiting our classroom. My faverit part was the Diffrent colored rocks.
Jurassic is the best.
Funny, but my favorite is...
Another Second-Grader wrote:
Dear [paleonaps]
Thak you coming. I liked the toy Dinos tat you Brot in and teching us abot Aorapter.
I've never been so touched and laughed so hard at the same time."
Oh I'm obsessed with Herrerasaurus, which may or may not be a true dinosaur
I just realized you can tell exactly where every single user is on the forums, from reading a topic to replying to it to reading their PMs, by clicking on the "who is online" thing...
chia, that's really cool... and creepy.
No... no, it's not cool, it's just creepy.
"LOL! I was watching you reply to my comment

EDIT: i see you replying to this comment too! this is too funny."
"And you're ""hidden"" right now, aren't you... you can see me but I can't see you? Shady business there

Edit: -facepalm-"
woah! How do you do that?
Sorry.... ignore this: accidental double post
"Kansas had 97 tornadoes in one day. Over the course of the entire 1950s, Michigan had 92. (Eastern Michigan University; Howe & Ojala)

But I'm sure you know a lot about tornadoes because this year in Michigan there have been a whopping... 5. (NOAA, whose definition of a tornado is quite consistent)

That must be a welcome relief after all of those tornadoes you had last year, though... all 11 of them. (NOAA again)

#computethisskills :P"
"So a few weeks ago, I went into the local elementary school's second grade classes to do a dinosaur lecture. My sister is a second grader, and she told me that they had started a unit on dinosaurs. I volunteered to go in and talk about my experience with Paul Sereno, who I went on a dig with last year.
I just got some thank-you notes back from them. Among them:

I think I'll spell it that way from now on.
Another Second-Grader wrote:
Dear [paleonaps]
Thank you for visiting our classroom. My faverit part was the Diffrent colored rocks.
Jurassic is the best.
Funny, but my favorite is...
Another Second-Grader wrote:
Dear [paleonaps]
Thak you coming. I liked the toy Dinos tat you Brot in and teching us abot Aorapter.
I've never been so touched and laughed so hard at the same time."
Oh I'm obsessed with Herrerasaurus, which may or may not be a true dinosaur
I just realized you can tell exactly where every single user is on the forums, from reading a topic to replying to it to reading their PMs, by clicking on the "who is online" thing...
chia, that's really cool... and creepy.
No... no, it's not cool, it's just creepy.
"LOL! I was watching you reply to my comment

EDIT: i see you replying to this comment too! this is too funny."
"And you're ""hidden"" right now, aren't you... you can see me but I can't see you? Shady business there

Edit: -facepalm-"
woah! How do you do that?
Sorry.... ignore this: accidental double post
"Kansas had 97 tornadoes in one day. Over the course of the entire 1950s, Michigan had 92. (Eastern Michigan University; Howe & Ojala)

But I'm sure you know a lot about tornadoes because this year in Michigan there have been a whopping... 5. (NOAA, whose definition of a tornado is quite consistent)

That must be a welcome relief after all of those tornadoes you had last year, though... all 11 of them. (NOAA again)

#computethisskills :P"
"So a few weeks ago, I went into the local elementary school's second grade classes to do a dinosaur lecture. My sister is a second grader, and she told me that they had started a unit on dinosaurs. I volunteered to go in and talk about my experience with Paul Sereno, who I went on a dig with last year.
I just got some thank-you notes back from them. Among them:

I think I'll spell it that way from now on.
Another Second-Grader wrote:
Dear [paleonaps]
Thank you for visiting our classroom. My faverit part was the Diffrent colored rocks.
Jurassic is the best.
Funny, but my favorite is...
Another Second-Grader wrote:
Dear [paleonaps]
Thak you coming. I liked the toy Dinos tat you Brot in and teching us abot Aorapter.
I've never been so touched and laughed so hard at the same time."
Oh I'm obsessed with Herrerasaurus, which may or may not be a true dinosaur
I just realized you can tell exactly where every single user is on the forums, from reading a topic to replying to it to reading their PMs, by clicking on the "who is online" thing...
chia, that's really cool... and creepy.
No... no, it's not cool, it's just creepy.
"LOL! I was watching you reply to my comment

EDIT: i see you replying to this comment too! this is too funny."
"And you're ""hidden"" right now, aren't you... you can see me but I can't see you? Shady business there

Edit: -facepalm-"
woah! How do you do that?
Sorry.... ignore this: accidental double post
"Kansas had 97 tornadoes in one day. Over the course of the entire 1950s, Michigan had 92. (Eastern Michigan University; Howe & Ojala)

But I'm sure you know a lot about tornadoes because this year in Michigan there have been a whopping... 5. (NOAA, whose definition of a tornado is quite consistent)

That must be a welcome relief after all of those tornadoes you had last year, though... all 11 of them. (NOAA again)

#computethisskills :P"
"So a few weeks ago, I went into the local elementary school's second grade classes to do a dinosaur lecture. My sister is a second grader, and she told me that they had started a unit on dinosaurs. I volunteered to go in and talk about my experience with Paul Sereno, who I went on a dig with last year.
I just got some thank-you notes back from them. Among them:

I think I'll spell it that way from now on.
Another Second-Grader wrote:
Dear [paleonaps]
Thank you for visiting our classroom. My faverit part was the Diffrent colored rocks.
Jurassic is the best.
Funny, but my favorite is...
Another Second-Grader wrote:
Dear [paleonaps]
Thak you coming. I liked the toy Dinos tat you Brot in and teching us abot Aorapter.
I've never been so touched and laughed so hard at the same time."
Oh I'm obsessed with Herrerasaurus, which may or may not be a true dinosaur
I just realized you can tell exactly where every single user is on the forums, from reading a topic to replying to it to reading their PMs, by clicking on the "who is online" thing...
chia, that's really cool... and creepy.
No... no, it's not cool, it's just creepy.
"LOL! I was watching you reply to my comment

EDIT: i see you replying to this comment too! this is too funny."
"And you're ""hidden"" right now, aren't you... you can see me but I can't see you? Shady business there

Edit: -facepalm-"
woah! How do you do that?
how to be a creeper
This is amazing
Oh god, what have I done?
"I now know your every move
That was really creepy"
"It's no good if I can tell yours, too

Now everyone's location reads, ""Viewing who is online""... hehehe, this is hilarious!"
*Puts it on auto-refresher*
Ugh, the lijia spambot just took over every forum...
"You all must feel so proud of yourselves for figuring that out.

And it didn't take over every forum, Announcements is still safe."
Yeah, uh...I'm kinda surprised that wasn't common knowledge before. And the bot is entertaining, so what of it? It brings activity to places other than IL 2012 ...
w00t, the dust from Super Saturday has cleared, and with the addition of the Arkansas champions, the Nationals Wiki is once again officially up to date! (I love it when the Nationals Wiki is up to date )
Being a creeper is fun...
"Don't you just love it when...
Sunday, 12 days before states...
Waiting for glue to dry on your bass recorder...
Your friend hands you a screwdriver, a Sharpie, and some masking tape and asks you to label and disassemble half the gravity vehicle ramp, an event you have had no involvement in whatsoever...
And all of a sudden you are one of the primary builders on that event, and come nine at night the next day, you are at school re-engineering the car and release system."
I got to go laser-tagging with some friends last night XD It was intense, and my first place streak is continued (I don't count the two times we played teams as both times my gun wouldn't shoot right and my accuracy was horrible from me trying to figure it out). I now have an accuracy rating of 53%!
So it is obvious that you and your friends didn't get stuck in a group containing children around the ages of 7-9 that would follow you around and get you every chance they could. It totally ruined the two games I did back in January.
"Is laser tag good? I nearly did it for my birthday, but my mom decided it wasn't nice to point guns at people, real or not real.

Anyways do you like it?"
I think laser tag really depends on where you go, some places have bad guns and vests while others will be less bulky and more accurate. Some places will also have better and more fun game fields or sets. If you ask me paintball is a lot more fun and in some cases it can be cheaper as well, though I doubt your parents would let you do that if they were afraid of laser tag
"Eh? The place I went to, I got unlimited for 10$, and ended up playing five rounds at 15 minutes each, which normally would have cost 5$/game, so 25$... I guess it can be expensive but every time I go I end up with unlimited and it's never really an issue.

I know most Grand Slams' games operate on 60 shots and 15 lives/hits to you before you have to run (okay, walk) all the way back to your base and recharge every single dang time. I hate that version personally unless you play against people below your skill level. You can have a perfect spot up on the second level and snipe people off as they try to get your base, and then run out and have to clear your spot again when you return... It's just annoying. Brunswick is, imo, the best set-up. You've got unlimited shots, and if you're hit you are deactivated for five seconds, which I use to run up ramps to the second level and then get them back . I could go on with different version I've played.

I consider it a ton of fun, and you burn a lot of calories because at Brunswick they tell you not to run but me and my friends do it anyways (As a side note, don't even think about running at Grand Slam, they're notorious for standing in dark corners and hitting vests with hand lasers to deactivate them). I don't even like shooting video games! I guess you could call it slightly violent in the fact that you're shooting 'guns', but really? It's done with lasers, and people would be absolute idiots to shoot people in the eyes anyways."
"I've been lasertagging once. Unfortunately, like sweetcoop, I was playing against ten-year olds who thought they knew about tactics from Call of Duty. They frequently bragged about getting headshots.
It is my firm belief that you cannot get a headshot without FIRING A PROJECTILE.
I prefer airsoft. Nothing like deciding to hide in the woods and shoot plastic BBs at people."
"I've played laser tag a few times too, and got destroyed by the little kids
I agree with naps, airsoft is way more fun."
You know what's really fun? Nyancat lost in space!
Colorado is so lovely. :D
"So glad that you have found one of the best places in the nation.

Might I ask what part of Colorado you are talking about?"
Laser tag is fun. Your parents overreacted when they said the gun pointing thing. It's pointing a laser at someone's vest.
"Near Denver... I'd rather not say exactly where on this thread, but you can message me if you want to know.

I think it's funny that I'm here the day of their state competition."
ah scioly its been so long. I bet you all didn't miss me.
Ah Colorado's state competition, that means that it has been a year since I competed in my last competition and won my last medal.
You were gone?
Made it through 6 hours of Chemistry Olympiad today. And then partied hard. Yeahhhhh
State in five days..... SO NOT PREPAIRED
I can tell you must be busy--you can't even spell prepared right
"Today is Earth Day!
... I don't really care that much..."
"I've finally figured out how to not panic over states.

I just got back from a 3 day model government thing, and I am exhausted. So exhausted that I can't be bothered to panic over States (or to really care about undone homework).

Not sure if this is a good or bad thing."
Cedavis6, did your team make States?
lol.... I have Dyslexia .... I did not even notice
I guess everyone with State competitions soon are feeling a bit panicked
"From a NY state mandated ELA exam which all eighth graders had to take last week:

http://usny.nysed.gov/docs/the-hare-and ... eapple.pdf

Isn't New York great?"
I'm pretty sure that was on my fourth grade SAT''s...
"mr. math teacher, my eyes are on my face.

and yeah optics!"
"so I have decided that I really don't like Fermi Questions. It was my, and my team's, worst event at 12th place. Can we start another forum called ""The Society for the Discontinuation of Fermi Questions""? Good times with Pentathlon (not really). But seriously, can we?
and 50 hours till the states bus leaves!"
Noooo.... I like fermi, it's a great event it just requires someone with the right mindset
and most teams i would say do not have a person with that mindset. or maybe its just me and the fact that i never had a competent partner except at one of the invites.
Hmmm which event do you think is the hardest?
Depends. Hardest to study for, or hardest to win?
Well, some events have higher learning curves than others. Like for Forestry, if you have the books and notes and have a general idea of trees (simple/compound, leaf/needle, etc.) it's not hard to come close to medaling on a Regional level. This is because Forestry is a hard event if you don't know what you're doing. However, if you have some idea you would be at an advantage to like half the people who don't know what they're doing. Therefore the learning curve for forestry is high in the beginning but low in the end, like decreasing exponential growth. However for an event like Anatomy, you have to have a more thorough understanding to even come close to medaling because it is generally easy, and most people will come prepared. Anatomy has a lower learning curve in the beginning but higher in the end, showing increasing exponential growth.
Forensics is pretty hard, not so much because the actual content is hard, but because of the sheer amount of things you're expected to do in 50 minutes. Many, many things can go wrong, from unreliable bunsen burners, to having the person who does fibers get a cold so s/he can't smell, to accidentally forgetting to pack enough equipment. The most important thing is that you'll have to be prepared for anything in Forensics.
"Wonderful way to put it. I think for almost all I.D. events, at least, decreasing exponential growth is a good way to describe it. In the beginning of it's rotation, no one really completely understands what they're doing, so if you have the right field guide, understand the basics, your chance of medalling is extremely high. But when the next year rolls around, they generally don't change the specimen lists drastically, if any at all, and so more people will be more prepared, making it harder.

As for other events, I'll use Optics as an example since I've done it, the first year is hard. It's hard for everyone. You can only learn so many concepts in such a short time-frame that it's how familiar you are with the concepts is what gets you the medal. But over the summer, if you study, the year after will be easier. Because you have a better grasp of what you are doing, and especially towards the teams that a) pack those study events that will still be there next year with 8th/9th graders, then they'll be gone and a completely new person has to learn everything. Not easy. Not a competitive burr. And there's b) teams that completely forget everything over the summer. I'm not saying you have to cram over Summer vacation, but at least you can retain the basics...memory skills put to use!

So it all depends on what type of event it is, how much you know about the topic, and some people are just better at studying than building, IDing than working with hands, etc."
"aw no, I like fermi a lot too. It is fun to have an event that really makes you think on your feet quickly but be accurate about estimates. It does take some practice, at first I feel like I was hardly as good.
pihi wrote:
Hmmm which event do you think is the hardest?
Astronomy can be hard. That depends on the test, but quite a few writers I have heard of putting very hard questions on the tests (like my regionals test had one or two questions that did relate completely to the rules, but they were slightly tough, also Alpha seems to shudder at the mention of last year's PA states test). My states test was plain random for certain questions. That didn't make it highly specific or use any truly impossible formulas, but it was just so many random things that it was actually very hard.

Now, tests that were truly difficult. NY decided to bring in an extremely hard trial called geologic mapping...I did it with quiz. At regionals we had to bs all the maps, and it is impossible to 100% know what you are doing. At states it was much much harder. We both didn't know what we were doing, it was just tiring, and I couldn't even bs the maps as much since there were a lot less. I am not totally sure what quiz was thinking, but I was slowly going through every question (there were about 60, it took me 25 minutes to answer 5 questions where I thought maybe only 1 or 2 were right, I considered a topo map them giving us a gift). I really wanted to bang my head on the desk or leave the room, but I had to continue attempting to answer the questions. It was hard for pure difficulty, the questions completely relate to the rules, but the material is difficult to learn (it could be me...but other teams had a lot of trouble...quiz said 1st didn't even get half of the questions). That being said it was a trial, but if other states get it next year good luck. In a person's first (and maybe second, maybe third too but I will see if it lasts two more years) year on this event I can bet it would probably be impossible (road scholar would have been helpful looking at the rules, but the application of geology with it just makes it so much harder).

Of course, as said above it depends on what you're good at/like. But honestly I think geologic mapping is one of the hardest events created, at least on astronomy despite the questions being random at states they were slightly understandable and you may as well study everything anyway (except maybe a page or two which was essentially unanswerable)."
"lol, there's a good reason for that. That test was HARD - if it had been an actual classroom test, one team would've gotten a B-, one team a C+, and the rest of us would've gotten F-'s (whoo, 34 teams getting 25% or less right). We walked out feeling extremely stupid, and we were so shocked when we medaled.

Having never done GeoMapping (nor do I wish to), I'd say Sounds of Music is the hardest event. First off, it's a massive build that still has to be done very precisely to get the notes in tune. Second, you have to compose your own arrangements of 2 pieces, which can be tricky if you don't know music, and you have to practice those. Then you have to play duets and scales at the competition. And don't forget all the physics you have to know...

Forensics is probably also up there difficulty-wise, because of the sheer amount of lab work/preparation you have to do and the time crunch at competition.

I'd say Astronomy is difficult just because of the sheer amount of info you have to know (for goodness sakes, it's the only event that allows a laptop).

Protein Modeling is also kinda tough, since the information on the proteins is sometimes so technical that it just turns studying into a complete wtf-fest."
"Not most teams, just some don't manage to find those people. I'd say we definitely have the people with that mindset on our team, they just didn't do it before.

I want to do Geo Mapping. It sounds like a lot of fun."
"So are the right people doing it now? I just felt like I was doing everything (mainly because I actually almost literally was) and that made it difficult to answer every question in the time frame given.
pihi wrote:
Hmmm which event do you think is the hardest?
I feel like Sounds of Music and Forestry are the hardest events because of all you have to know/do for the competition."
Disease Detectives is really hard, but one of my friends placed first at Illinois state comp this year, division AA.
I'm learning quadratic functions in Algebra. (I take advanced math.) They're fun!
Oops...
"SOO...that NFL draft thingy....

MY VIKES TOOK KALIL. HAPPINESS REIGNS IN MY HEART.

K. that's enough."
"I knew that was coming months ago. But it makes me happy!

Still it'd be nice to wach the draft for my 49ers, but i can't. I have a tree book to label."
Good. At least it's normal that I feel overloaded with all the memorization of forestry. States in two days. SO nervous.
Oh and AlphaTauri ( I like your name ^.^), our coach gave us a sample national test and we did better on that than our regionals astronomy test. On our regional's astronomy test we had questions like "What was the initial mass fraction of hydrogen in Population III stars?". I've been searching for the answer to this ever since regionals and I STILL haven't found an answer. Got any clue how to answer this?
Now, if they only could lead for the entire game, not just till halftime...
Er, off the top of my head I can tell you that Pop III stars are massive stars hypothesized to have existed right after (relatively speaking, of course) the Big Bang and they're supposed to be made up nearly entirely of non-metals - that is, H and He. I don't know the H ratio, though...
Ouch, painful memories. At least at the end of the season they weren't leading at halftime. That way no false sense of hope.
"Whooo 12001th post!

Yea, let's hope Peterson gets better too. Vikes D isn't that bad, but still..."
yeah i have states tomorrow. I am still working on the cheat sheet and books.
"Those nights before states when you're sitting alone in your room trying to figure out WHAT THE HECK YOU'RE GOING TO DO the next day at competition and wishing you had done more to prepare earlier on...I've had a couple of those myself.
Best of luck to all those who will be struggling to keep their eyelids propped open for the next several hours, because I won't be one of them."
"I am scared to death about states...
If we make it, I will shout, ""I TOLD YOU SO!!!!"""
"11 the night before states.... and i am going to sleep.
WAIT...WHAT?!?
Aperently my roommates want sleep"
@ States... Gulp... About to pee my pants... TMI...
Eventually, you hit a point when you realize that no matter how much you try to study the night before a competition, it doesn't work. So the best thing to do, really, is to get a good night's sleep.
z is a mod, my death in near
I LIKE MAKING RANDOM COMMENTS!!!!!
I think there's been quite a bit of sugar going around... or just state nerves? Best of luck to all of you if it's today.
I will place in Disease Detectives. I know it.
The one and only time I said that I got 14th.
I was wrong... Well, this IS my first State Tournament.
I haven't finished my writing homework which is due tomorrow.
I knew this was coming, I knew that...building a mousetrap car would be insane...See science teacher, I told you I'm not good with my hands!
"Y.Rj hihvdsugrybkud
I am just saying."
I have an AP English essay to write, but I've decided I'll do it in the morning, Procrastination FTW
Currently, I am finishing two seven page packets for science, three worksheets for Spanish, one three paragraph essay for English, and one reading article for history. This is all because I had states on Friday, and missed two days of school.

HA. Middle school. Wait until you get to high school. That's not even one night's worth of homework for me. I missed school for Science Olympiad states and now I have literally a mound of homework to do, including but not limited to: a take home test, 2 3-page essays, reading half of King Lear, 2 Calc worksheets, and a solid 7 worksheets for Chinese. Not to mention the fact that we somehow got 3rd at states this year, so I will not be attending nationals and am finding it hard to be motivated to do any of said previously mentioned homework.
You have it that easy? I'm currently watching Fullmetal Alchemist: Brotherhood, drinking tea, and texting. Still think you work hard?
"I dislike being critical to members of the forum. But was it really necessary to one up havenguy here? We all work hard here, no need to emphasize how you may do more work than one random other person.

Secondly, I know you seem to be reacting badly to the unlucky 3rd place. But never treat nationals as a certainty. Its a very hard thing to achieve, and is only achieved through a lot of hard work, and likely a good bit of luck. 3rd place alone is something you should be proud of. Focus on the negative and you'll have a brilliant rest of your high school career, I assure you.
M-E-T-H-O-D MAN wrote:
You have it that easy? I'm currently watching Fullmetal Alchemist: Brotherhood, drinking tea, and texting. Still think you work hard?
How do you pull that off? I am in awe good sir."
Off sleep schedule for the past three weeks or so >.<
Oh, man, senioritis has hit me hard too. I missed school on Thursday and Friday and was extremely busy both of those days, Saturday, and Sunday morning (but I didn't do any homework). I attempted to start and finish all of my homework on Sunday afternoon, which became Sunday evening, and then it didn't happen. Looks like it'll be a long night for me tonight.
My science project, the one that I stayed up until 1 AM last night working on, got pushed back one day
Happy birthday to my brother!
I was suprized you guys only got third this year...
"AAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH SO MANY ASTRONOMY TESTS SO LITTLE TIME

AAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH SO MANY TREES SO LITTLE TIME

AAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH SO MANY ROCKS SO LITTLE TIME"
Good luck to you and everyone else at nats! I'll be part of the folks at home cheering you on.
butterfly you butterfly butterfly butterfly donkey butterfly little butterfly butterfly
"Nooooo...Koko, I liked your nerd fighter avatar! As opposed to...whatever that is now.
And also:
Nationals+2 weeks left+not having met with KtH, R4S, and Optics partners+not finished binders+SO UNDERPREPARED=HOLY CRAP WHAT THE HECK AM I GONNA DO AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH"
The "whatever it is now" is Socially Awkward Penguin. You should probably know that already what with the amount of time you spend on the internet and from the amount of times I've tried to explain to you what a "meme" is...
Why is everyone freaking out? I mean, we do have 2 weeks to go.
Which is not a long time.
*shrug* Seemed like it was time to switch it up. And yes, it is the Socially Awkward Penguin.
For those who are interested, Fantasy Science Olympiad is now open! Please see my post in the FantaSO thread for more information.
You know... the whole socially awkward penguin thing fits well with Koko
Too many wounds this week >.< 1 cm deep exacto knife wound in my right thumb... My brother also got hit on the head with a baseball bat...
1cm deep? Because if you cut 1cm into a typical human thumb, it hits the distal phalanges... I hope it wasn't too serious.
If you cut 1 cm into your thumb, wouldn't it be off?
Maybe > was supposed to mean less than.
I just explained the game to my parents... They don't get it...
It's pretty deep and still quite painful...
Ah the game. The only way to win is not to play.
"I... can't really argue with that. Ah well.
RandomPerson wrote:
Cedavis6 wrote:
I just explained the game to my parents... They don't get it...
Ah the game. The only way to win is not to play."
Whenever I lose the game, I win. I win at making others lose.
"+1

In other news, GAAAHHHHHHH AP TESTS. WHY ARE WE STILL SO BEHIND ON US HISTORY AND WHY HAVE I FORGOTTEN HALF MY STATS.

I'm fine. Completely fine..."
Stuff never makes sense on Friday.
Win. The comic.
Cedavis, you really don't make sense sometimes...
"Whee, I got NCTE Achievement Award (a writing contest thing) recognition! It's not super exciting because 274/1107 of the kids who submitted got it... :T but still, one of two from my school :D
Congratulations to anyone else on here who got it too! :)"
"This. I don't know anything from before Reconstruction for APUSH because my teacher last year didn't teach it. My calc final is next week, too.

Baaaargh."
"Heh, neither do I But my teacher has organized an in-school field trip on Tuesday, which means we sit in the theater all day and listen to teachers tell us about all of American history Luckily we get bagels! And since the test is in the morning, I'm still working on getting my mom to excuse me for the rest of the day, since I'm pretty sure I'll be brain-dead after three essays.

I'm also taking AP Bio even though our school doesn't offer the actual class for it (We just have Bio and Honors Bio sophomore year, not AP Bio), and all I'll be doing to study for it is reviewing my notebook. I'm actually not really concerned, seeing as I'll be taking it again next year anyways."
"Oh, is your school offering AP Bio next year too? (Maybe it's a districtwide thing?) I'm kind of disappointed to be missing it, but at least I managed to independently study it last year. They offered AP Chem as a class this year, too, which I also found disappointing, because I also independent study'd that last year (not recommended, especially if you spend your entire free period working on Science Olympiad most days ).

My AP tests this year are Psych, CompSci, Lit, Physics (both C tests), and Stats. I'll only be able to get credit for CompSci and Physics, but sadly CompSci and Physics E/M will probably be my lowest scores, because we rarely - if ever - had formal lessons for CompSci and I've just done Physics C independently (my class was for B). Sigh.

Also, I don't recommend AP Lit at all - I've even met people from other schools who don't like the class, and out of the 190 people taking it at my school, I've only met two who don't completely despise it. Then again, my teacher doesn't care about our grades (we strongly suspect that he doesn't read our in-class essays and just gives everyone perfect - I got something like 99.7% in the class last quarter) and only wants us to do well on the AP test, and I just want a decent grade and don't care about the AP test, which ends up with the class being a complete waste of time for me."
"Calculus BC... D:

Any kind souls care to explain how on earth you get a general term for Taylor series? I seriously don't get how to do that. I can do the first x terms of a taylor series, but the moment they ask for the general term.. I'm done for."
"You basically just have to figure out the pattern in the first couple of terms... maybe what might help is not simplifying all of the individual terms at first, if you don't do that already? You know that the general term is going to include (x - a)^n over n!, so all you need to figure out is what the nth derivative of the function with a is going to look like... so just look for the pattern in all of the derivatives, I guess. What I do is find the derivatives individually, and compare them to each other to see how it's changing (for example, 1/x should be a good test for making sure you can do this - just flipping through my notes here - if you keep finding derivatives you should be able to see the pattern pretty easily. Again, don't simplify until you've found the pattern!)

...Heh, sorry, you probably already knew all of this anyway, but otherwise I hope that helped... if not, then I probably need the same help >_>
(For the record, you're not alone... series and sequences are basically the bane of my existence right now >:/)"
I'm going to SES next year ... I'd think you know what the place is since you're in the same district as me? We have 'house', which is our science, history and english combined into one big, 4 hour-ish class. So for me it'll be AP Bio, AP Lit and AP World History...
Just wow... I was considering making myself a pinterest account, but to do so you have to "request an invitation"... and once you do, you get put on their "waiting list" to "get in" their "little community" -eyeroll- I can't believe it's so elitist. I'm not angry so much as just kind of disappointed in people...
Awwww, so that means you won't be able to do Science Olympiad?
"Oh, I took the AP Bio and HumGeo tests at SES last year. Cool - haha, I don't know much about SES, but good luck/have fun!
Luo wrote:
Allinea wrote:
I'm going to SES next year
Awwww, so that means you won't be able to do Science Olympiad?
Correct me if I'm wrong, Allinea, but this isn't necessarily the case - SES people can go back to their home school to compete with Science Olympiad. I believe this was the case my freshman year with a girl on the state/nationals team who did Forensics."
Ugh, yeah, I didn't have time to check my answers on the MC, which I definitely needed. And almost everyone in my class finished the free response at least 30 minutes before time was up (I took a little longer because I'm a slowpoke and then I spent the rest of the time checking, but I didn't end up changing anything). One kid had an hour left when he was done and wrote an elaborate dream-sequence story over four pages worth of comments
I think that anyone who's been successful in some combination of Dynamic Planet, Rocks & Minerals, Forestry, Meteorology, Water Quality/Ecology, and Disease Detectives could do very well at the AP Environmental Science test without taking an associated class. I took the test this year without taking a class, and I was helped tremendously by my Science Olympiad experience. It is much easier if you've taken AP Biology in advance, too.
Does anybody have advice for memorizing play lines? Any advice is welcomme!
"And this is why I chose not to take the AP Calc exam... even though it would be right between the two days we're taking our final in the class. >_> That blew up my brain today.
Allinea wrote:
Oh gawd, APUSH is on Friday I just spent the whole day in the theater listening to lectures as review. Multiple choice is going to be decent, but the essays are going to be my end if they're on anything about Reconstruction.
At least you had the review.. I'm definitely in trouble for the exam. I'm hoping for essays on Reconstruction, because I actually have that down. XD But yeah. Not looking too good for me right now.

Did anyone take AP Spanish Lang today? I heard it was awful."
"Agreed. Studied my tail off for Forestry. Didn't have to learn a thing when we studied plants for AP Bio.

Cedavis6 wrote:
Does anybody have advice for memorizing play lines? Any advice is welcomme!
I'm a big theater and musical person, so I might be able to help! For me, I'm a reader. I read to memorize, and I read out loud. But if you're going to ask some random person, make sure they use voice inflection. Trying to react to a drone is a little difficult.

Understand what the scenario is: is it an argument? What are you trying to say? Where is the conversation going?

Pick up on cues. What word causes you to react? Which word signals the end of the line before yours? How do you react to these? This is where being in character helps: I'm usually cast as a sarcastic character, so it's not hard for me to know how to respond.

Practice reactions. Body language is just as important. Don't just stand in one place and snap your head the moment you hear your key word (unless you're directed to, of course)."
"APUSH, thou art the scourge of any sanity I have left (which is...barely any) >.>

Still have to study the Cold War. And JFK. And Vietnam. And the Civil Rights movement. And Nixon. And Reagan. And, y'know, review everything. Bleh.

I think I'll be fine on MC; I can easily pick out the right answer if I'm given choices, and I'm a pretty good guesser if I don't know it. I just hope the FRQs are on things I'm comfortable with, because otherwise I'm screwed. (I've also decided that I'm screwed on the DBQ no matter what, because we've hardly done any practice at all, and I'm a terribly slow essay writer.)

I may simply fall over in relief and/or have a nervous breakdown when I stumble out of that testing room..."
"Tonight I'm gonna cram on the stuff from the very beginning of the year (I haven't used limits since forever) and the very last unit (it took me until last week to really understand everything about vectors for some reason). So not looking forward to this...
FullMetalMaple wrote:
Allinea wrote:
Oh gawd, APUSH is on Friday I just spent the whole day in the theater listening to lectures as review. Multiple choice is going to be decent, but the essays are going to be my end if they're on anything about Reconstruction.
At least you had the review.. I'm definitely in trouble for the exam. I'm hoping for essays on Reconstruction, because I actually have that down. XD But yeah. Not looking too good for me right now.

Did anyone take AP Spanish Lang today? I heard it was awful.
APUSH is by far the test I am least prepared for... almost wish I hadn't bothered signing up for it :T I don't know anything about... uh... first semester -cry-
Do your teachers actually get through all of the material in class? Because we're still talking about Nixon.
Really? I heard it wasn't that bad... but I'm probably biased. Dunno, I'll ask around tomorrow.


Either way, good luck to you guys and anyone else taking... well, any AP test this week and the next! I know I could sure use it"
"My class has gotten up to Nixon's election - not sure what we're doing tomorrow, but I know we cover Watergate the class after the exam (which sucked in previous years, because there was once an entire essay on Watergate >_>). I really need to keep reviewing everything from before Reconstruction, because I covered everything before that last year with a teacher who, while great, didn't teach what's going to help us on the exam. My current teacher is amazing, though, so I'm not worried about what we've covered in her class.

I totally haven't practiced essays at all. Psh. I think if I do well enough on MC, though, I can get by with fudging a little on the essays and still get a 5. That's what I've been told, at least.

I'd love to skip school for the rest of Friday... I won't be able to have lunch because the test cuts into my lunch period, and then I have to go to chem, my least favorite class, and then take a big test in English over a book I hate. It'll be so great. XD
chia wrote:
Either way, good luck to you guys and anyone else taking... well, any AP test this week and the next! I know I could sure use it :roll:
Same to you and everyone else! :D"
"Cool! I did have a suspicion that you could go back to your home school to take classes, but honestly SES is very enigmatic for me, because I don't really know anyone who goes there very well. And sorry, I must not have been clear; this girl was a junior when I was a freshman.
chia wrote:
Dragonshark wrote:
Anyone who took the AP CompSci test today: Gah, that MC portion was asinine, and I almost ran out of time at the end. However, I finished all of the FR in probably less than an hour, though I was surprised that they had questions that didn't involve writing code. I think they really should give us more time with MC, especially since it's far too easy to make mistakes in them.
Ugh, yeah, I didn't have time to check my answers on the MC, which I definitely needed. And almost everyone in my class finished the free response at least 30 minutes before time was up (I took a little longer because I'm a slowpoke and then I spent the rest of the time checking, but I didn't end up changing anything). One kid had an hour left when he was done and wrote an elaborate dream-sequence story over four pages worth of comments
A lot of people in my class had similar problems, especially with timing. I think that the CompSci MC portion was the most difficult to finish, out of all the MC portions of AP tests I've taken, if that makes sense. Hopefully it went okay for us all."
"I finished MC with about five minutes left, but most people finished 15 minutes to half an hour remaining. I thought it was actually a bit harder than the Barron's tests, but I think I did okay. Hoping for that 5.
Free response I finished with about 45 minutes left even while going really slowly, but I know I made a couple of mistakes, especially with Gridworld."
Ugh, yeah, I didn't have time to check my answers on the MC, which I definitely needed. And almost everyone in my class finished the free response at least 30 minutes before time was up (I took a little longer because I'm a slowpoke and then I spent the rest of the time checking, but I didn't end up changing anything). One kid had an hour left when he was done and wrote an elaborate dream-sequence story over four pages worth of comments
I think that anyone who's been successful in some combination of Dynamic Planet, Rocks & Minerals, Forestry, Meteorology, Water Quality/Ecology, and Disease Detectives could do very well at the AP Environmental Science test without taking an associated class. I took the test this year without taking a class, and I was helped tremendously by my Science Olympiad experience. It is much easier if you've taken AP Biology in advance, too.
Does anybody have advice for memorizing play lines? Any advice is welcomme!
"And this is why I chose not to take the AP Calc exam... even though it would be right between the two days we're taking our final in the class. >_> That blew up my brain today.
Allinea wrote:
Oh gawd, APUSH is on Friday I just spent the whole day in the theater listening to lectures as review. Multiple choice is going to be decent, but the essays are going to be my end if they're on anything about Reconstruction.
At least you had the review.. I'm definitely in trouble for the exam. I'm hoping for essays on Reconstruction, because I actually have that down. XD But yeah. Not looking too good for me right now.

Did anyone take AP Spanish Lang today? I heard it was awful."
"Agreed. Studied my tail off for Forestry. Didn't have to learn a thing when we studied plants for AP Bio.

Cedavis6 wrote:
Does anybody have advice for memorizing play lines? Any advice is welcomme!
I'm a big theater and musical person, so I might be able to help! For me, I'm a reader. I read to memorize, and I read out loud. But if you're going to ask some random person, make sure they use voice inflection. Trying to react to a drone is a little difficult.

Understand what the scenario is: is it an argument? What are you trying to say? Where is the conversation going?

Pick up on cues. What word causes you to react? Which word signals the end of the line before yours? How do you react to these? This is where being in character helps: I'm usually cast as a sarcastic character, so it's not hard for me to know how to respond.

Practice reactions. Body language is just as important. Don't just stand in one place and snap your head the moment you hear your key word (unless you're directed to, of course)."
"APUSH, thou art the scourge of any sanity I have left (which is...barely any) >.>

Still have to study the Cold War. And JFK. And Vietnam. And the Civil Rights movement. And Nixon. And Reagan. And, y'know, review everything. Bleh.

I think I'll be fine on MC; I can easily pick out the right answer if I'm given choices, and I'm a pretty good guesser if I don't know it. I just hope the FRQs are on things I'm comfortable with, because otherwise I'm screwed. (I've also decided that I'm screwed on the DBQ no matter what, because we've hardly done any practice at all, and I'm a terribly slow essay writer.)

I may simply fall over in relief and/or have a nervous breakdown when I stumble out of that testing room..."
"Tonight I'm gonna cram on the stuff from the very beginning of the year (I haven't used limits since forever) and the very last unit (it took me until last week to really understand everything about vectors for some reason). So not looking forward to this...
FullMetalMaple wrote:
Allinea wrote:
Oh gawd, APUSH is on Friday I just spent the whole day in the theater listening to lectures as review. Multiple choice is going to be decent, but the essays are going to be my end if they're on anything about Reconstruction.
At least you had the review.. I'm definitely in trouble for the exam. I'm hoping for essays on Reconstruction, because I actually have that down. XD But yeah. Not looking too good for me right now.

Did anyone take AP Spanish Lang today? I heard it was awful.
APUSH is by far the test I am least prepared for... almost wish I hadn't bothered signing up for it :T I don't know anything about... uh... first semester -cry-
Do your teachers actually get through all of the material in class? Because we're still talking about Nixon.
Really? I heard it wasn't that bad... but I'm probably biased. Dunno, I'll ask around tomorrow.


Either way, good luck to you guys and anyone else taking... well, any AP test this week and the next! I know I could sure use it"
"My class has gotten up to Nixon's election - not sure what we're doing tomorrow, but I know we cover Watergate the class after the exam (which sucked in previous years, because there was once an entire essay on Watergate >_>). I really need to keep reviewing everything from before Reconstruction, because I covered everything before that last year with a teacher who, while great, didn't teach what's going to help us on the exam. My current teacher is amazing, though, so I'm not worried about what we've covered in her class.

I totally haven't practiced essays at all. Psh. I think if I do well enough on MC, though, I can get by with fudging a little on the essays and still get a 5. That's what I've been told, at least.

I'd love to skip school for the rest of Friday... I won't be able to have lunch because the test cuts into my lunch period, and then I have to go to chem, my least favorite class, and then take a big test in English over a book I hate. It'll be so great. XD
chia wrote:
Either way, good luck to you guys and anyone else taking... well, any AP test this week and the next! I know I could sure use it :roll:
Same to you and everyone else! :D"
"Cool! I did have a suspicion that you could go back to your home school to take classes, but honestly SES is very enigmatic for me, because I don't really know anyone who goes there very well. And sorry, I must not have been clear; this girl was a junior when I was a freshman.
chia wrote:
Dragonshark wrote:
Anyone who took the AP CompSci test today: Gah, that MC portion was asinine, and I almost ran out of time at the end. However, I finished all of the FR in probably less than an hour, though I was surprised that they had questions that didn't involve writing code. I think they really should give us more time with MC, especially since it's far too easy to make mistakes in them.
Ugh, yeah, I didn't have time to check my answers on the MC, which I definitely needed. And almost everyone in my class finished the free response at least 30 minutes before time was up (I took a little longer because I'm a slowpoke and then I spent the rest of the time checking, but I didn't end up changing anything). One kid had an hour left when he was done and wrote an elaborate dream-sequence story over four pages worth of comments
A lot of people in my class had similar problems, especially with timing. I think that the CompSci MC portion was the most difficult to finish, out of all the MC portions of AP tests I've taken, if that makes sense. Hopefully it went okay for us all."
"I finished MC with about five minutes left, but most people finished 15 minutes to half an hour remaining. I thought it was actually a bit harder than the Barron's tests, but I think I did okay. Hoping for that 5.
Free response I finished with about 45 minutes left even while going really slowly, but I know I made a couple of mistakes, especially with Gridworld."
Ugh, yeah, I didn't have time to check my answers on the MC, which I definitely needed. And almost everyone in my class finished the free response at least 30 minutes before time was up (I took a little longer because I'm a slowpoke and then I spent the rest of the time checking, but I didn't end up changing anything). One kid had an hour left when he was done and wrote an elaborate dream-sequence story over four pages worth of comments
I think that anyone who's been successful in some combination of Dynamic Planet, Rocks & Minerals, Forestry, Meteorology, Water Quality/Ecology, and Disease Detectives could do very well at the AP Environmental Science test without taking an associated class. I took the test this year without taking a class, and I was helped tremendously by my Science Olympiad experience. It is much easier if you've taken AP Biology in advance, too.
Does anybody have advice for memorizing play lines? Any advice is welcomme!
"And this is why I chose not to take the AP Calc exam... even though it would be right between the two days we're taking our final in the class. >_> That blew up my brain today.
Allinea wrote:
Oh gawd, APUSH is on Friday I just spent the whole day in the theater listening to lectures as review. Multiple choice is going to be decent, but the essays are going to be my end if they're on anything about Reconstruction.
At least you had the review.. I'm definitely in trouble for the exam. I'm hoping for essays on Reconstruction, because I actually have that down. XD But yeah. Not looking too good for me right now.

Did anyone take AP Spanish Lang today? I heard it was awful."
"Agreed. Studied my tail off for Forestry. Didn't have to learn a thing when we studied plants for AP Bio.

Cedavis6 wrote:
Does anybody have advice for memorizing play lines? Any advice is welcomme!
I'm a big theater and musical person, so I might be able to help! For me, I'm a reader. I read to memorize, and I read out loud. But if you're going to ask some random person, make sure they use voice inflection. Trying to react to a drone is a little difficult.

Understand what the scenario is: is it an argument? What are you trying to say? Where is the conversation going?

Pick up on cues. What word causes you to react? Which word signals the end of the line before yours? How do you react to these? This is where being in character helps: I'm usually cast as a sarcastic character, so it's not hard for me to know how to respond.

Practice reactions. Body language is just as important. Don't just stand in one place and snap your head the moment you hear your key word (unless you're directed to, of course)."
"APUSH, thou art the scourge of any sanity I have left (which is...barely any) >.>

Still have to study the Cold War. And JFK. And Vietnam. And the Civil Rights movement. And Nixon. And Reagan. And, y'know, review everything. Bleh.

I think I'll be fine on MC; I can easily pick out the right answer if I'm given choices, and I'm a pretty good guesser if I don't know it. I just hope the FRQs are on things I'm comfortable with, because otherwise I'm screwed. (I've also decided that I'm screwed on the DBQ no matter what, because we've hardly done any practice at all, and I'm a terribly slow essay writer.)

I may simply fall over in relief and/or have a nervous breakdown when I stumble out of that testing room..."
"Tonight I'm gonna cram on the stuff from the very beginning of the year (I haven't used limits since forever) and the very last unit (it took me until last week to really understand everything about vectors for some reason). So not looking forward to this...
FullMetalMaple wrote:
Allinea wrote:
Oh gawd, APUSH is on Friday I just spent the whole day in the theater listening to lectures as review. Multiple choice is going to be decent, but the essays are going to be my end if they're on anything about Reconstruction.
At least you had the review.. I'm definitely in trouble for the exam. I'm hoping for essays on Reconstruction, because I actually have that down. XD But yeah. Not looking too good for me right now.

Did anyone take AP Spanish Lang today? I heard it was awful.
APUSH is by far the test I am least prepared for... almost wish I hadn't bothered signing up for it :T I don't know anything about... uh... first semester -cry-
Do your teachers actually get through all of the material in class? Because we're still talking about Nixon.
Really? I heard it wasn't that bad... but I'm probably biased. Dunno, I'll ask around tomorrow.


Either way, good luck to you guys and anyone else taking... well, any AP test this week and the next! I know I could sure use it"
"My class has gotten up to Nixon's election - not sure what we're doing tomorrow, but I know we cover Watergate the class after the exam (which sucked in previous years, because there was once an entire essay on Watergate >_>). I really need to keep reviewing everything from before Reconstruction, because I covered everything before that last year with a teacher who, while great, didn't teach what's going to help us on the exam. My current teacher is amazing, though, so I'm not worried about what we've covered in her class.

I totally haven't practiced essays at all. Psh. I think if I do well enough on MC, though, I can get by with fudging a little on the essays and still get a 5. That's what I've been told, at least.

I'd love to skip school for the rest of Friday... I won't be able to have lunch because the test cuts into my lunch period, and then I have to go to chem, my least favorite class, and then take a big test in English over a book I hate. It'll be so great. XD
chia wrote:
Either way, good luck to you guys and anyone else taking... well, any AP test this week and the next! I know I could sure use it :roll:
Same to you and everyone else! :D"
"Cool! I did have a suspicion that you could go back to your home school to take classes, but honestly SES is very enigmatic for me, because I don't really know anyone who goes there very well. And sorry, I must not have been clear; this girl was a junior when I was a freshman.
chia wrote:
Dragonshark wrote:
Anyone who took the AP CompSci test today: Gah, that MC portion was asinine, and I almost ran out of time at the end. However, I finished all of the FR in probably less than an hour, though I was surprised that they had questions that didn't involve writing code. I think they really should give us more time with MC, especially since it's far too easy to make mistakes in them.
Ugh, yeah, I didn't have time to check my answers on the MC, which I definitely needed. And almost everyone in my class finished the free response at least 30 minutes before time was up (I took a little longer because I'm a slowpoke and then I spent the rest of the time checking, but I didn't end up changing anything). One kid had an hour left when he was done and wrote an elaborate dream-sequence story over four pages worth of comments
A lot of people in my class had similar problems, especially with timing. I think that the CompSci MC portion was the most difficult to finish, out of all the MC portions of AP tests I've taken, if that makes sense. Hopefully it went okay for us all."
"I finished MC with about five minutes left, but most people finished 15 minutes to half an hour remaining. I thought it was actually a bit harder than the Barron's tests, but I think I did okay. Hoping for that 5.
Free response I finished with about 45 minutes left even while going really slowly, but I know I made a couple of mistakes, especially with Gridworld."
Ugh, yeah, I didn't have time to check my answers on the MC, which I definitely needed. And almost everyone in my class finished the free response at least 30 minutes before time was up (I took a little longer because I'm a slowpoke and then I spent the rest of the time checking, but I didn't end up changing anything). One kid had an hour left when he was done and wrote an elaborate dream-sequence story over four pages worth of comments
I think that anyone who's been successful in some combination of Dynamic Planet, Rocks & Minerals, Forestry, Meteorology, Water Quality/Ecology, and Disease Detectives could do very well at the AP Environmental Science test without taking an associated class. I took the test this year without taking a class, and I was helped tremendously by my Science Olympiad experience. It is much easier if you've taken AP Biology in advance, too.
Does anybody have advice for memorizing play lines? Any advice is welcomme!
"And this is why I chose not to take the AP Calc exam... even though it would be right between the two days we're taking our final in the class. >_> That blew up my brain today.
Allinea wrote:
Oh gawd, APUSH is on Friday I just spent the whole day in the theater listening to lectures as review. Multiple choice is going to be decent, but the essays are going to be my end if they're on anything about Reconstruction.
At least you had the review.. I'm definitely in trouble for the exam. I'm hoping for essays on Reconstruction, because I actually have that down. XD But yeah. Not looking too good for me right now.

Did anyone take AP Spanish Lang today? I heard it was awful."
"Agreed. Studied my tail off for Forestry. Didn't have to learn a thing when we studied plants for AP Bio.

Cedavis6 wrote:
Does anybody have advice for memorizing play lines? Any advice is welcomme!
I'm a big theater and musical person, so I might be able to help! For me, I'm a reader. I read to memorize, and I read out loud. But if you're going to ask some random person, make sure they use voice inflection. Trying to react to a drone is a little difficult.

Understand what the scenario is: is it an argument? What are you trying to say? Where is the conversation going?

Pick up on cues. What word causes you to react? Which word signals the end of the line before yours? How do you react to these? This is where being in character helps: I'm usually cast as a sarcastic character, so it's not hard for me to know how to respond.

Practice reactions. Body language is just as important. Don't just stand in one place and snap your head the moment you hear your key word (unless you're directed to, of course)."
"APUSH, thou art the scourge of any sanity I have left (which is...barely any) >.>

Still have to study the Cold War. And JFK. And Vietnam. And the Civil Rights movement. And Nixon. And Reagan. And, y'know, review everything. Bleh.

I think I'll be fine on MC; I can easily pick out the right answer if I'm given choices, and I'm a pretty good guesser if I don't know it. I just hope the FRQs are on things I'm comfortable with, because otherwise I'm screwed. (I've also decided that I'm screwed on the DBQ no matter what, because we've hardly done any practice at all, and I'm a terribly slow essay writer.)

I may simply fall over in relief and/or have a nervous breakdown when I stumble out of that testing room..."
"Tonight I'm gonna cram on the stuff from the very beginning of the year (I haven't used limits since forever) and the very last unit (it took me until last week to really understand everything about vectors for some reason). So not looking forward to this...
FullMetalMaple wrote:
Allinea wrote:
Oh gawd, APUSH is on Friday I just spent the whole day in the theater listening to lectures as review. Multiple choice is going to be decent, but the essays are going to be my end if they're on anything about Reconstruction.
At least you had the review.. I'm definitely in trouble for the exam. I'm hoping for essays on Reconstruction, because I actually have that down. XD But yeah. Not looking too good for me right now.

Did anyone take AP Spanish Lang today? I heard it was awful.
APUSH is by far the test I am least prepared for... almost wish I hadn't bothered signing up for it :T I don't know anything about... uh... first semester -cry-
Do your teachers actually get through all of the material in class? Because we're still talking about Nixon.
Really? I heard it wasn't that bad... but I'm probably biased. Dunno, I'll ask around tomorrow.


Either way, good luck to you guys and anyone else taking... well, any AP test this week and the next! I know I could sure use it"
"My class has gotten up to Nixon's election - not sure what we're doing tomorrow, but I know we cover Watergate the class after the exam (which sucked in previous years, because there was once an entire essay on Watergate >_>). I really need to keep reviewing everything from before Reconstruction, because I covered everything before that last year with a teacher who, while great, didn't teach what's going to help us on the exam. My current teacher is amazing, though, so I'm not worried about what we've covered in her class.

I totally haven't practiced essays at all. Psh. I think if I do well enough on MC, though, I can get by with fudging a little on the essays and still get a 5. That's what I've been told, at least.

I'd love to skip school for the rest of Friday... I won't be able to have lunch because the test cuts into my lunch period, and then I have to go to chem, my least favorite class, and then take a big test in English over a book I hate. It'll be so great. XD
chia wrote:
Either way, good luck to you guys and anyone else taking... well, any AP test this week and the next! I know I could sure use it :roll:
Same to you and everyone else! :D"
"Cool! I did have a suspicion that you could go back to your home school to take classes, but honestly SES is very enigmatic for me, because I don't really know anyone who goes there very well. And sorry, I must not have been clear; this girl was a junior when I was a freshman.
chia wrote:
Dragonshark wrote:
Anyone who took the AP CompSci test today: Gah, that MC portion was asinine, and I almost ran out of time at the end. However, I finished all of the FR in probably less than an hour, though I was surprised that they had questions that didn't involve writing code. I think they really should give us more time with MC, especially since it's far too easy to make mistakes in them.
Ugh, yeah, I didn't have time to check my answers on the MC, which I definitely needed. And almost everyone in my class finished the free response at least 30 minutes before time was up (I took a little longer because I'm a slowpoke and then I spent the rest of the time checking, but I didn't end up changing anything). One kid had an hour left when he was done and wrote an elaborate dream-sequence story over four pages worth of comments
A lot of people in my class had similar problems, especially with timing. I think that the CompSci MC portion was the most difficult to finish, out of all the MC portions of AP tests I've taken, if that makes sense. Hopefully it went okay for us all."
"I finished MC with about five minutes left, but most people finished 15 minutes to half an hour remaining. I thought it was actually a bit harder than the Barron's tests, but I think I did okay. Hoping for that 5.
Free response I finished with about 45 minutes left even while going really slowly, but I know I made a couple of mistakes, especially with Gridworld."
"The multiple choice was a lot different than Barron's...it was torture because of how much code tracing there was and how long it took.
I wish they had skipped every unit in Comp Sci and just taught us how to trace code in 30 seconds...would've helped more."
COMPLETELY and totally agreed. Tracing code isn't horribly difficult, but yeah, we were definitely never taught it. The Barron's practice MC was nothing like the real thing.
What do you mean tracing code? If you mean trying to find the problem with code, there wasn't that much of it on there, I thought.
I am assuming that hpfananu and I were both talking about thinking like a computer - running through or reading a code as a computer would.
Oh, that's what we do all the time in compsci, for the unit tests. There may be 10 questions on general knowledge, and 40 on code tracing. Really annoying, but it gets easier.
The tests for my class were nothing like the exam - just a bunch of short-answer questions testing basic syntax, and maybe some on code tracing.
"Yeah, like recursive methods and just finding the output of them.
The recursion wasn't too bad but some of the for loops were downright annoying.
Our unit tests usually had a little less than even mix of code tracing and fundamentals but I didn't review fundamentals before the exam because of the Barron's Test.
Although, the free response made up for a possibly low score on the MC. Those were not bad at all."
I found the free responses pretty easy - the gridworld one and whatever that first one was took me a little longer, but I sped through the last two. Are you allowed to change the act method on gridworld problems? My teacher always told us not to on practice problems, but...
You usually aren't allowed to if it involves making a Critter subclass, but you can if you're making a Bug. (I probably should stop here before I get persecuted by College Board for talking about the FRQs this early...)
Usually no, but on that problem you were supposed to, according to the resident compsci god. I did the exact same thing, I didn't override act and just put all the work in the other method... I hope they don't take up too much.
"Okay good -phew- that's all I was wondering - I though the least complicated way to do it was just to override act.
What are all you guys doing in Compsci after today? We're working on our projects to present in two weeks - my partner and I are making the game Mastermind (figuring out how all the GUI stuff works is way harder than actually coding for, y'know, the actual game, since we never learned it in class)."
We're doing this random java graphics stuff. It's just a giant grade inflation though. We just have to copy and paste stuff or type it from a sheet and push Run. The other classes are playing board games though...
"Did you create the other method?
Oh, we're making video games the rest of the year."
Well, yeah, but you need to keep the variables updated somewhere...
"I kept them update, but I kept them in the new method. I'm thinking I'll get 2 points off for that.
Maybe we should move this to pm, just in case the AP people are spying on us."
We're still deciding. I think my teacher is learning toward having us make a virtual casino.
Dude. THIS.
"One week till we leave for Nats...
HOLY MOTHER OF ALL THINGS HOLY, WHAT THE HECK AM I SUPPOSED TO DO?!?!"
Just be happy you don't have APs to worry about yet...I am stressed enough about them as is, and cannot imagine what it would be like if I had nationals to worry about at the same time.
Calc BC was horrendously easy.
On the AP Bio test today, I referenced Nic Volker's XIAP mutation in one part of a FRQ (yay Protein Modeling).
Was this the epigenetics question? Or environmental factors?
No, but it was in the same question.
Did anyone else find the entire AP deathly easy? Looking back at it, the MC section wasn't particularly challenging, and besides swapping radial cleavage on one of the FRQs, it was relatively simple.
It was pretty easy overall, though the FR was a bit more difficult than expected. I also think I swapped two terms around in the first question (which I heard shocked some people on CC), though it's a minor error.
"Eh, it was medium level. Keep in mind though, I took it this year just to get an idea about what it's like. Next year I'm taking an actual AP Bio class and will take it again.

I also mentioned XIAP and caspases, but only in a little blurb because I needed something to do for half an hour. I also had no idea what to do for the first question besides part d, so I drew a llama and alpaca and called it done."
I felt pretty confident about the multiple choice overall (though I bombed the first question because the fact that it was a species name toooootally went over my head -facepalm- too used to seeing them italicised to recognise them any other way) but I though the free response was difficult compared to the ones we practiced in class (and trust me... we practiced a lot in class). Then again I never seem to remember anything about the developmental cycle no many how many times I read chapter 47 of Campbell :T so there went most of the first question for me, though I might have nabbed a point or two through sheer BS/random vocab.
finishing a chem lab... jeez i suck.
I have 893 posts
"Not looking forward to AP Lang on Wednesday...
I'm known for being a fairly neutral person who doesn't really have have a strong opinion on a lot of things and hates debating, which is definitely a problem for the essays."
"Ah, my problem is that I can be argumentative, but I also tend to have the opinion of the last person I talked to. So I'll be arguing but then I'll be convinced by the other side and then just get confused. (This, by the way, does not make you a very good debater.)

Physics C went okay. The E/M test kind of went horribly for me - I did better at mechanics."
"I once heard that truly good debators can convince their audience of something that they themselves don't necessarily believe in.
And apparently, that makes Nick Romney a truly good debator..."
Mitt! It's MITT Romney!!!
"Well... I'm just easily convinced (aka a bad debater ).
illusionofconfusion wrote:
Mitt! It's MITT Romney!!!
Short for Mittens."
I realize that we hardly ever use the subject thing when we post.
+1
Bombed biology today. MC was okay, but FRQ was death. For the calculations one, I didn't do it in paragraph form. Messed up epigenetics. Messed up the NAD+ question. >____>
Wow...
Does anyone here play Professor Layton? I can't be the only one...
"Well... Make that a ""we!""

It's kind of disheartening that Mask of Miracle won't be released beyond 3DS."
"What's your favorite game?
Unwound Future. It is the only one I have..."
I got a 5.
How do you know already? Or are you just that confident
Agh, time to die tomorrow for AP Lang.
"1. Both brobo and I are good fans of layton, though I stopped playing midway through the 3rd one, puzzles were getting boring for me
2. Well, what other console were you expecting it to get released on? The only competitor is the Vita, and it serves a completely different demographic than the 3ds, they would get few sales and so there's no reason to port. Its kinda dumb to port from handheld to main console, so the wii/360/ps3 are out. The ds maaaybe, but its antiquated hardware at this point. Usually game systems don't see releases this late (like with the 5th pokemon game from last year), but the DS is an exception considering how popular it is, Developers are finally moving on.
Other than that, I could see iOs/android, but the layton series has a pretty good fanbase on the ds/3ds already, makes little sense to switch when you get more profit from the 40$ cartridges to the 20$ max application."
"Finally finished with AP exams...
Oh wait, I just realized that the SAT is in less than 3 weeks, the ACT a week after that, and I've done barely any prep for both.

@#$#%@#$#"
And so my experience with College Board testing ends.
Ack!!!! Why did we bring NW rain with us to Florida!?!?
On the bright side (no pun intended), that means the lines at Disney/Universal will be shorter.
I remember it rained half the days when I went in November (for an orchestra thing). Soggy, but still so much fun. I also may or may not have caused the hotel hair dryer to start smoking when I tried to dry out my shoes >.>
I'm leaving for Nationals in like 6 hours... Can't even explain to my best friend how excited I am...
"Owl City's new songs are way different... they're like regular pop songs that I'd hear on the radio
I understand if he's trying something new (like being unoriginal), but I really hope he doesn't take it all away.

They're here btw: http://soundcloud.com/owlcityofficial/sets/owl-city-1/"
In Orlando!!! Yes!!!
"I memorized the whole My Little Pony -- Friendship Is Magic theme song! (I'm so proud of myself! )

...Like a boss! Actually, no. More like, the nerd that joined the MLP herd a year late."
Ignore this...wrong thread.
Ok
Wait, but you aren't ignoring it then!
Can't wait to be fangirling for all the scioly.org peeps I've come to know over the years that are going to nationals!
"I always knew you were a girl.
/smirk"
EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!
"You guys all have fun down there

Gah, I hate trig units in math. AP testing during the middle of them doesn't help either."
I rather dislike standardized tests... such a bother.
Good luck to everyone at nationals! *envies*
IKR...
I know. And they're so EASY. The Illinois ones are ISATS (IL Standard Achievement tests) but I call them the IBSATS (IL Below Standard Achievement Tests). They'll be replaced with the (slightly) more challenging Common Core when I'm a freshman.
We do MEAP... Easy (most of the time) but they put so much pressure on you! I swear, I wish they would just shut up about doing well on it and let us breathe! Seriously!
"""Oh-lay-tha""
not
""Oh-lah-tha"""
I'm still laughing.
It's Friday. :D
"IDGI...

Can I just say that I am not a Spammer? Please, some of you are calling my posts spam. Those posts, with the exception of accidental ones, are relevant to the topic. Gosh! I AM NOT A FLIPPIN' SPAMMMER!!!!!!!!

Thank you for letting me rant."
We on chat were all snickering at the announcer's mispronunciation, especially, "From Ohio, SA-lon High School!" They're the National champs...at least get their school name right.
"During the Parade of States at nats, when the MC was announcing Olathe North, he mispronounced it as ""Oh-lah-tha North."" Being from Kansas, I know how the name is mispronounced all the time. It just amuses me.

My name gets mispronounced very often, too, so I understand.
AlphaTauri wrote:
We on chat were all snickering at the announcer's mispronunciation, especially, ""From Ohio, SA-lon High School!"" They're the National champs...at least get their school name right.
How you mispronounce Solon? XD I bet my school's name would have been completely butchered, had we gone."
tch. Nationals is overated. Aim4me and I were at Math Olympiad today oh yeah.
"Tsk. Nationals isn't overrated.

Congrats in Math Olympiad, btw, Mnstr.
Science Olympiad is 20% cooler than Math Olympiad."
Talk about spirit - Troy Howard B from Maine wasn't even at the awards!
"lol, just making myself feel better ;_; jk

also you quoted me in your sig lol XD"
"You did good. At least you didn't fail.. xD..

And yeah. C:"
"If anyone is interested, I found the r^2 value of the correlation between event placing and overall placing for each event at the KS state tournament. I plan to soon do other tournaments as well.
Kansas State 2012 Correlations"
"Or you could use a chi-squared goodness of fit test.

I did that for a few years of PA results, and all I can conclude is that how close event placings are to overall placing really varies from year to year..."
Math Olympiad? For the AMC or is it something else?
"Just changed my Div to Grad....

Gosh, this was a sucky ending to a great scioly career. At least Isles of Adventure was awesome.

Looking forward to writing tests in the future though. MWAHAHAHA"
"Something else; it's only a small regional tournament with about 16 teams.


EDIT: /me can't wait for the Nationals tests to be released."

I had a pretty good time at nationals.
Yea, I guess if I got 3 medals I would have a pretty good time too.
Yeah! Congrats on your three medals! I now know how hard it is just to get one
We were close...a 7th in anatomy.
7th place is so bittersweet. It's exciting to have placed that well but also disappointing to have been that close without snagging a medal...
I know that exact feeling. Last year, I got a 7th, 8th and a 9th place, but no medal. It's a 1 or 2 question difference for 3 events. I'm still mad
Woah, exactly my situation in States last year D: 7th 8th 9th and a 15th
This year my brother got a 7th, 8th, and 12th, and team placing with 11th. So he know exactly how you felt.
The word "igloo" keeps popping into my head.
"My freshman year of high school is over ...as is my career in Science Olympiad .
Time often seems to leave you behind in the dust wondering where you are and how you even got there..."
Why aren't you participating next year?
I'll be way too busy with school and such. I know there are plenty of Science Olympians that manage to juggle AP and perhaps even IB with SO, but I'm not boss enough to do that. I was always more fascinated with the scientific learning than the competition itself anyway, so I'll settle for watching everybody else have their pre-competition freak out sessions next year.
Thou who does not do Science Olympiad, does not have life
"You are leaving our team in the dust. How could you?! Traitor!
Yeah, yeah, I've known about this for a while, but you're still a traitor. TRAITOR!
Also, just to make you jealous...Shock Value is coming back next year."
Whoops, just pulled the first all-nighter of my life >_> at least it's the last day of school before finals.
Hey, is anyone here going to NAQT nationals this weekend? I leave tomorrow morning for ATL (our team is splitting up on the way there, so my flight arrives before that of everyone else on my team).
I'll be there. Raleigh Charter Team B... the kid that's really bad and shouldn't be there.
Yay Eviscerator! We can have another awkward meetup like last year in the food court.
All right, I'll just find Hav then and we can all meet up, Eviscerator (as I have no idea what you look like )!
Haha alright then.
"So one day a little while ago I decided it'd be a cool idea to see which event was the best ""predictor"" of a team's overall ranking. And armed with 5 years' worth of States results, I set out to test this. (This of course begs the question, what in blazes was I thinking?)

Approximately 4500 data cells, several hours, and a whole lot of statistical confusion later...about all I can really conclude is that NONE of the events are consistently good indicators of how a team will do - too much variability with test difficulty and such.

There are, however, a couple very general trends that I did notice:
1. Good teams generally do well in Astro.
2. WIDI is (as everyone already knows) generally a crapshoot.
3. Builds are likely to be worse indicators than studys.
4. Every year, there's two or so events that are just absolutely horrible predictors, usually because AFAIK there's sommat screwy with how it was run.

Edit: And shame on me for doing statistical analysis in my free time. It's no wonder I don't have a social life.

Edit: If anyone cares, this was based on r-squared values and a chi-squared test of association/independence. Aaaaaaand shame on me again, because I should have used a chi-squared GOF test (but Excel didn't have that)."
Hello, from Tokyo, Japan. Getting ultrasurf in preparation for China . (Yes, it will work too on your school blocking system) Waiting in airport terminals is the boringest thing in the world, exp with the U.S. ones with no free wifi. Screw time zones, I've been awake for like a day already, still no night in sight. I wanted to see the Pacific Ocean, but riding along in stratosphere 35,000 feet in air, all you see is clouds below, and more clouds .
Does ultrasurf work in China?
"Unless your school's friendly antivirus program blocks Ultrasurf from running at all.
harryk wrote:
Does ultrasurf work in China?
I believe it does. According to Wikipedia, at least."
The International Space Station has captured SpaceX's Dragon!
Sorry for not posting recently!!!
"Meh about today. I was kind of sad during band, because our director didn't show us a video about our marching band conducting ladder. Yesterday was our final concert and awards ceremony, and each year there's a few student-given awards. One of them is picking who brings out Jarvis, the ladder, each and every day. The two guys had a whole story set up about Jarvis being late one day for practice, but the video didn't work.

Long weekend FTW. And nine days left of school"
Woo Astro!
"Why DAILY random comment?

QWERYTYUIOPASDFGHJKLZXCVBNM ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ

LALALALALALALALA!!!!!!"
Scioly is fun and i've place in the staircase, but still you do need to do other things to (like programming).
I was going to ask how you did that, then I realized- print screen!
Iceland didn't win Eurovision... ): At least I can hope Italy will win in 2014, because I might be able to go when they would host it.
http://web.archive.org/web/200105300124 ... s/592.html
Have any of you used bad translator? It's really funny.
"NO, SWEDEN!

C'mon Denmark, win it next year."
i say we call this place sosc
I have recently made 2 games: Goofus and Gallant and Bad Translator. They are free games you do not have to sign up for. They are meant to be funny. Please give them a look!
scioly has a high thread failure rate, most games don't last that long and once they get to the second or thrid page there dead unless someone bumps them
I hate it when that happens.
"[quote=""Cedavis6They are free games[/quote]
I hate it when games here cost money."
"I hate it when games here cost money.[/quote]
LOL, I meant not signup.
EDIT: Freeform! That's the word I'm looking for!"
"List of things I've done in order to NOT work on my English final essay:

* Waste time on the internet
* Play Minesweeper
* Practice piano
* Solve Rubik's cube (multiple times...)
* Practice mallets
* Listen to music
* Transcribe music
* Study for Chem
* Do chores/attempt to clean off my desk/organize stuff
* Practice violin
* Make a list of things I've been doing in order to not work on my english essay

I'm really putting the ""pro"" in procrastination..."
yes we all tend to but scioly is survival of the fittest and only the most fit threads survive
"You should see the drama on the Assassinator game!
At least, I think it's pretty dramatic..."
When was the War of 1812 fought? (according to uncle fester this should crash the server)
"Nothing's happening...
Oh, Chuck Norris joke:
Chuck Norris can spam Your Daily Random Comment."
Haha, you still have homework.
"Lol, school is technically over on Wednesday for me, but I haven't gone since last Wednesday
I love exempting finals"
"I passed my theater finals in March. I have a part in the play. We have to be involved with the play to pass.
I wish all my finals were like that."
"I have the SAT in 5 days, and I've spent the entire weekend playing Realm of the Mad God instead of doing prep work.

...

...

...

O_O_0_o_O_o_o_0_O_O"
"I am studying previous assassinator games for if I become Sassy.
No, I am not the current Sassy."
almost everyone had studied the old games
INTJ
"Eh, Sweden did have a good song, and the performance was great. But I love the Russian entry, too. I smile whenever I listen to it. Of course, I still think Iceland was the best.

Why Denmark? I do love the country, and I'd be happy to see their entry win - I'm just curious."
That's were I'm from, and I was born there; I'm half Danish and half American.
Got my yearbook today~ Now I have to spend the rest of the time running around trying to get signatures.
Yay for no homework! Time to p̶l̶a̶y̶ ̶v̶i̶d̶e̶o̶ ̶g̶a̶m̶e̶s̶ study for the next year's classes, and possibly work out so I can do cross country next year.
Wow, scioly really dies down at this point, doesn't it? Makes me sort of sad, but I'm glad I have one year left. Also, I have all summer to work .
"Wow, that's awesome. I thought I had Danish ancestry for a while, but it turns out I don't. I still love the Nordic countries, though - I'm trying to learn Norwegian and Icelandic.

And yeah, things kind of die down over the summer - less last-minute cramming, I guess. :P"
I'm part British!
So....do you speak British, or just American?
Uh... neither are languages. I am assuming you were joking.
(yes, I was joking)
"75% German and 25% Polish here My dad spent most of the winter tracking down family records and making a family tree that at its farthest reaches goes back to something like the 1500's last I checked. As my mom says, he was like a kid in a candy store when the 1940 census data was released.

In APUSH as a final project we're doing a series of debates about who was the greatest US president. I drew Bush Sr. and Taft, both of which are now in the second round. Bush Sr. was moved up because no one was Obama, and the guy who was against Taft didn't realize it until he was called up. All he argued was that he liked pancakes and thus he a people's person. Needless to say he had a hockey puck thrown at him by the teacher (No harm done! It happens all the time.)"
"My last year scince teacher hit stuff when he was mad...
He also thinks he's an alien *ahem* ""alien engineered"" I don't believe him."
"I have a bunch of relatives who are obsessed with genealogy. I even have a whole bunch of books with stories about my ancestors. :D I'm English, Scottish, Irish, Belgian, German, Dutch, French, Swiss, possibly Austrian, and... Cherokee. I don't even know what I mostly am. XD By the way, has anyone else here seen Hetalia: Axis Powers?
Allinea wrote:
In APUSH as a final project we're doing a series of debates about who was the greatest US president. I drew Bush Sr. and Taft, both of which are now in the second round. Bush Sr. was moved up because no one was Obama, and the guy who was against Taft didn't realize it until he was called up. All he argued was that he liked pancakes and thus he a people's person. Needless to say he had a hockey puck thrown at him by the teacher (No harm done! It happens all the time.)
Lol, Taft. I guess he was okay. I really like Woodrow Wilson for some reason, though. And yeah... my teacher kept a hammer in her podium. My A&P teacher also threw a Nerf brain at people. It's kind of nice to talk about school in the past tense for now..."
"The debates continue! Today was even more hilarious. ""If you can't say no to sandwiches, then how can you say no to terrorism?"" They keep getting more and more ridiculous each round!

Almost done with school! X)"
"My friend says I would be a bunny if I was an animal.

p.s. This is silverheart7 on sciciscio's account cause she's right next to meeeeeeeee..."
"Nearly fell asleep during my English final today...and my Chem final. The only difference is that I almost fell asleep DURING my English final, as opposed to AFTER my Chem final.

That was fun.

In other news, anyone have any tips on self-studying AP Bio? (Hooray schedule conflicts caused by orchestra and other APs!)"
"Apparently the final round of the pres. debates concluded with a dance-off. And I missed it Not only that, but the person who filmed it refuses to post it.

Tips? Well, http://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL ... ature=plcp."
Today was the last day of school. I was somewhat happy, yet sad as well. :x
"I had a play today, and I am also performing tommorrow.
So nervous..."
Good Luck!
Why thank you! I was in character at lunch... It was soooo funny!
Our awesome performance of "Secrets" by One Republic w/ a string quintet and a piano is here!
Mrrooooooowww...
"Woooooooof!
Mooooooooo!
Grrrrrrrrrrrrr!"
YO MAMA SO GREASY THAT SHE HAS A BEARD!
"Just finished my successful play!!!!!!! I am so psyched right now!
Macbeth."
I already favorited it and liked it. xP. That wasn't the performance that I personally watched, though. I watched the last one, I think.
Omg Mnstr, your sig! This is the future
"I finally made myself an avatar.

Actaully.. I made multiple avatars. I can't stop.. I'm still making avatars now..."
Criterion is a funny word. So is aquatard. And unitard. Or, really, almost any word that ends in -tard.
"owl city ftw

he's coming up with a new album in august"
"☑ Last day of high school
☑ High school graduation
☑ Senior party
☐ College housing forms

Sigh... now that the fun is all over, I have to write essays."
"Mwahahahaha, you'll never escape the cycle of applications/essays/forms. They'll haunt you for the rest of your life, especially if you go into academia - they just call them ""research grants"" instead.

In other news, I'm done with finals! Some kid brought a vuvuzela to school today...I can't say that I disapprove. XD

Edit: Huzzah, now I've got time to catch up on Top Gear."
"Top Gear FTW
And I just got my wisdom teeth out, what to do now?"
"I will never watch 1000 Ways to die. That is really twisted, and most of them do not go to Heaven, I bet. Death is a serious issue, not something to be laughed at. Think of their families! How they must have cried when they heard the news! And now people are laughing at them on national television? That is not right.
I can't be the only one on here who thinks that way."
"Meh. I'm kind of tired of talking about myself. At least I've already gotten in - I don't really have to impress the people I'm writing to anymore.
AlphaTauri wrote:
Edit: Huzzah, now I've got time to catch up on Top Gear.
I've been watching How I Met Your Mother so much for the last week... Neil Patrick Harris"
"My friends are so cool:

Friend: I miss you </3
Me: I miss you too. </3 Next year's going to be so different without you.
Friend: mehmehhh
Me: Derp. c:

...What am I doing up at 11:40 PM on Summer Break?"
All done with essays and forms... oh, hey, it's 4:20 AM. Good thing I don't have school tomorrow But I keep forgetting that the non-seniors still have class... I was wondering today (yesterday, I guess) at about 1 PM why none of the underclassmen were on Facebook.
Graduation last night, everyone was crying...
"I got avspecial award in Spanish for my enthusiasm and high grades. I take it at my high school, as opposed to taking it half a year like others. Only one person can get this award per people taking the class, and I am in 8th grade.
Also, exams. GROAN!!! I am not nervous, I just don't like studying for them. Oh, well, need to study if I wanna get a PHD in children's ministry..."
I met Anderson Cooper today at my school
Why?
I also met Judd Apatow - he was being filmed for 60 Minutes, and since my high school is his alma mater, he chose to have it filmed here. 'Twas awesome
They should do a report on Science Olympiad.
"Listening to Les Mis...again. It's probably my favorite musical on music alone, with Phantom a close second.

Absolutely love the 10th Anniversary Concert - they called it the Dream Cast for a reason."
Aww. Happened at my school on the last day, too. D;
"This should be next year's nationals fermi test:

http://imgur.com/a/rX2jJ"
Oh goodness... ten days until I leave for Japan! DX I'm starting to seriously freak out.
Guess this explains why you were freaking out about him on chat.
The Venus transit was awesome! I was watching an astronomy show about extraterrestrial weather, and they said that a Venus transit in the 17th or 18th century was the first proof that other planets had atmospheres.
"At the S.O. party today, I learned that waterbaloons hurt when hurled at your back.
We had a w.b. fight and we had two teams: boys (and me) and girls (and a guy). I was on the guy team because of the guy on the girl team. IDK why he was on the girl team.
Fleeing my friend, I almost broke my leg running down a steep hill. IDK what breaking it feels like, but I do not want to know!"
"Ouch.

Oh shoot I just remembered I didn't practice my clarinet today. ...I should go do that right now."
"I looked up my username on google and the second result I got was the posting games.
I kinda wanna friend the sassy, just to see what happens, and how they react."
I am now a freshman again.
I will be a freshman in 3 months I hate summer break. I usually have almost nothing to do.
"Halfway done with finals! XD And I get my color-guard flag bag tomorrow!

As a side note, what sort of gifts do you guys think would be good for a grandma and grandpa? I'm trying to get gifts for all member of my host family but can't think of anything for them."
What do they like?
That's the problem... I don't know...
Hmm... do they NEED something you can give them?
Huzzah! If this is your first time doing guard, I highly recommend getting black electrical tape. And the really stretchy, shiny kind, not the lame non-shiny kind (I find they're better for taping the buttsguard slang is weird). Also, beware of those lateral tosses and don't look up for too long when doing one unless you want a pole to the face.
I hate waiting for people to post...
Yeah, it is! Hah, do you know Mr. Desens, the AV Wind Ensemble director? The other guard members have named a move after him because he once did something like it. I don't know the actual name for it, but basically they step on the pole and push it to the ground? Something like that. I was too concerned with figuring out the pancakes and windmills to really pay attention to it.
I... do not know that move. I don't know what pancakes and windmills are either; we probably called them something different.
Staying up late again and doing nothing... Whoo.
"School is over with, and there are three months of almost pure boredom ahead of me. Can't wait 'till high school.

Would you consider yourselves in the next grade now? Just curious. I changed my division thing because next year I will be a freshman."
"Just don't give yourself a concussion from a flagpole and you're good. (Or, alternately, catch the bell of someone's instrument with the end of the pole, twirl the flag, and end up flinging said instrument halfway across the field. True story from our marching band, I kid ye not. Thankfully it was at a rehearsal and not at a game or exhibition...)

The most I have to worry about is lugging large amounts of percussion equipment everywhere. Marimbas, xylophones,vibes, glock, bass drum, gong, cymbals, chimes, tambourine, triangle (lol)...oh my. Whoo pit!"
"So many people aare moving...
My neighbor to another town
Another neighbor to Arizona
My BFF to Soith Carolina
Friends at church to Tennessee
My friend to another town
Can't think of any more, but it's kinda sad."
Well... another problem with being in the guard is that you have to dodge a lot of people. Never walk underneath a trumpet. Stuff drips. But yeah, I was briefly in the pit in one of my shows (I played the cymbals and china in one song, and then at the end I waved a giant bamboo pole with a flag). Those carts are very unwieldy.
I uploaded a video to Youtube yesterday. xP
"I LOST THE GAME!!!!!!!!!!!!!
EDIT: My first succesful signup game!"
evolution of the scioly member
"^Yes.
EDIT: I miss annoying the crud out of my team..."
Today I learned that 5 minutes is not long enough to fill in 75 bubbles on an answer sheet.
<3 ACT
I edited my sig. Look, there's Perry!
I love it when it says that there are three registered users and my fellow users have the names of Google, and BIng
IKR
I wrote a MLP FiM fanfic with Mnstrviola, and another friend of mine about a week or so ago. It was pretty fun to write.
"Awesome Mission Possible-like device, built by Science Olympiad alumni, to drink Coke: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KEBJmZL8G1E

Take a look, it's pretty cool! See if you can spot the scioly.org connection"
"My sister is sick, so I have to stay home from church today to be with her.
Luckily, they stream service online
EDIT: Haha, look at the end of my sig."
I don't spot it.... You mind telling me?
Hint: one of the people building the device is a prominent member of scioly.org. No, it's not me.
"Ay... waiting for people to post. I made a new Werewolf game, themed around Phineas and Ferb. My first one was a success, and it's fun with a lot of people.
I'm watching AFV and I'm still laughing at this kid who went up to a preacher during service and asked where the bathroom is.
WHERE THE HECK IS EVERYONE!?!?!?!?"
I slept in today.
How long?
Very. I got up like an hour ago. xD. But then again I went to sleep at one, so I guess it's not that bad.
Still in my PJs.
Thinking about writing another story, this time with a whole different topic, just waiting for one of our authors to confirm.
"Y NO PEOPLE POST?!?!?!?!?!

It could be because it is mid afternoon in the summer?

LOL, I have no life."
"I just saw Figure it Out. It really lives up to the past version of the show.
What if we made it into a forum game?"
"I must say...
This is the first time I have seriously listened to the new Owl City.
I am disappointed.
Adam Young is a genius, well enough, but this...
I am very disappointed. I miss his old stuff."
"R.I.P. Ladarious Phillips, Ed Christian, and Demario Pitts.
Ladarious and Ed, Your presence will always be felt on the tigers. I think I speak for all of the AU family when I say that our thoughts go out to your families and friends.
2012-13 season for Ladarious and Ed, LET'S GO!!!"
"Have they found the guy yet?
It's so sad..."
You will shun me for asking, but who are they?
they've arrested two people, the lead guy is still on the loose
"Who are they? (I know, shun me.)
Werewolf signups still open for one more day."
They are residents and students of auburn who were shot to death. Two of them are on the AU football team

Those two people arrested were "hindering the investigation". They were surrounding some house last night, but I dunno what happened with that.
My brother's scaring me...
"Exactly my reaction when I first heard it.
But then I listened to it more, and decided it was still much better than most of the stuff commonly played on the radio nowadays.

And if you think that was still bad, try listening to one of his ""side project"" (more of a joke really IMO)
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qYQC-CoUuK0
be happy he didn't stick to screamo."
MY BROTHER IS REALLY SCARING ME!!!!!!!!!!
"Oh gosh. ._. I just listened to Adam's 'side project'.. I liked the music, but the screaming... Appalling. :l
The new Owl City is alright... It's just that he's not what he used to be."
We need the bump topic button on forum games. Why? Sometimes you need to bring attention to something, and you don't want to double post or post just to bump it.
Don't want to sound rude, but maybe the topic is boring? Or perhaps people are busy with other things?
I... don't... know...
its survival of the fittest and we wouldn't want a superior subject not to be seen, because someone wanted everyone to see there thread and kept bumping it
Chuck Norris can spam your daily random comment.
I hate bad grammar. -facedesk-
Well, I just finished watching the last episode of Star Trek: Deep Space Nine, and, consequently, every live action Star Trek episode made. What to do now...
What to do now...the question that defines summer...sigh...
If anyone is bored around 9 PM CST come on chat there will be something for you to do.
There are so many posting games it's hard to keep track
I concur. And it doesn't help that I post on games like these on other forums, too.
"So true.
EDIT: My brother just did the 91 pin cheat on Wii Sports.
EDIT 2: I find it ironic that I love Phineas and Ferb but I hate summer break. I guess I'm not as creative (or mechanically inclined ) as they are."
It is sad that I have to find out the biggest news floating around Auburn...from scioly. I honestly did not know about this. I also can't say that I feel particularly sad. Call me heartless, but...
No, don't feel bad. I feel the same way. I feel bad that it happened, but it doesn't really affect me. I don't think you are heartless.
I agree.
"The assassinator has mysterioisly vanished.
WOOSH!"
I am extremely bored; nothing to do. Just waiting for my summer camps to kick off. :/
Yet only forever is from auburn
Playing on tetris friends. Anybody else who plays, my name is the same as my scioly account
oh! send me a friend request we can play sometime XD
wats your name
I play Tetris. I learned from the best, too. It's on.
"i remember playing with you lol.

we should arrange a time and have a tetris arena match w/ the 3 of us


EDIT: i can play now"
Get on chat and perhaps we can set something up right now.
"Hey, Mnstr, Our co-author told me to tell you that someone favorited Dimension Apocalypse.
It's one step closer to becoming a 'Cupcakes'."
"Nice lol

this is all coming along quite well.


also nobody google it please."
I remember having a Tetris Friends a while ago, but I forgot my username, so I just made a new one right now; My username is the same as here.
wats your username forever. Also, we must have creativity when our accounts all have the same name. How much creativity and memory we have.
I have posted, and now everybody's day is ruined.
"When you say that, it is very hard not to...
Assuming I found the right thing, that was very...interesting."
"Summer break:


Somehow I'm up before noon today, though. Maybe it's the rain."
+1 for the image, +1 for narrowly avoiding the Milli Vanilli reference.
Not to mention the same 2 or 3 passwords I use for my accounts
"Tetris list:
awesome90220: awesome90220
mnstrviola: mnstrviola
aim4me26: aim4me26
foreverphysics: PhysicsFreak

Add your on, fellow Tetris players.
Also, anyone else notice a pattern there?"
Next week I'm getting glasses...
Thanks, but... what reference?
You very nearly blamed it on the rain.
See if you can spot "scioly" in this video: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P0GRyt5Eydo
...I don't understand.
LALALALALALALALALALA!
Milli Vanilli is a music group, "Blame it on the Rain" is one of their songs. (I didn't actually know this, but my inquisitive nature required me to look it up on wikipedia.)
Found it.. Herp Derp.
"BEAR, IS THAT YOU?! :O

Edit: It is! So this is how Mission Possible skills will come in handy later in life..."
Watching Nik Wallenda cross Niagara Falls.
The spambots are getting... emotional? Interesting.
Hey, that guy was totally real, and is just looking for some friends; don't be mean! ( )
"Very relevant: http://xkcd.com/810/ (Warning, language.)

In other news, I hate my internet. I can't even bump the network cable or else it loses the connection and I have to mess with it for a good while before it works again. >.>

In other other news, air travel still sucks."
"Augh, WHEN WILL THE SASSY POST AGAIN?!
There's a new Spongebob eppy on. (Runs out of room screaming)
I hate new Sb episodes. The old ones are better by a mile."
False. Air travel does not, nor will it ever, suck. Flying alone is a ton of fun, airports are tons of fun, and travelling in general is fun.
Now try traveling in a car for 12+ hours in one day, that honestly does suck.
I was playing Nick Scene it, and it said to name the location being spelled. I knew before it started spelling it was Bikini Bottom.
OMG YOU LIKE TED DEKKER TOO?!
"BROTHER!!!!! (Hugs)
Have you read the Circle Series and/or the Lost Books?"
They're not bad, seriously. My favourite of the Circle series is Green. I've not read the Lost Books though. But I prefer Thr3e.
The Lost Books are the story within the story of the Circle Series. It's reffered to a lot in Green.
Oh yeah! Then I probably read them at some point... It's been a long time. I should reread them.
I believe at one point Thomas says (about the Books of History) "I sent Johnis and-" and I think he gets cut off. It's been five months, so I don't remember exactly.
Researching colleges = bleh.
I started the first three chapters...I don't know whether Green has a prequel or whatnot, but I was lost and well...it just didn't suit my taste
"I love researching colleges! How could you not?
(Note: this love stops at researching, and does not extend towards the actual process of applying, financial business, etc.)"
It's kind of fun when you're not doing it really seriously (just looking at options, seeing what's out there), but then it gets, well, bleh when you are actually narrowing down which you want to apply to and why.
"Hm, I must be so behind due to a week without internet...

would anyone care to explain?"
"Yeah... browsing and imagining possibilities is fun. But I feel behind because I'm a rising senior and a lot of my friends know where they want to go. I'm just starting to narrow things down. XD

I have a good idea of what I want to major in (most likely biochemistry, maybe astrophysics), so I'm not terribly worried about that. I just don't want to stay in Kansas, and it seems the schools I like the most are too far even for me to visit. That, or too expensive. :\"
"Oh, I believe that. I haven't been on very many road trips, but I would imagine that they're not very exciting (though admittedly when I get into the car for more than, say, an hour, I pass out).
FullMetalMaple wrote:
chia wrote:
twototwenty wrote:
I love researching colleges! How could you not?
(Note: this love stops at researching, and does not extend towards the actual process of applying, financial business, etc.)
It's kind of fun when you're not doing it really seriously (just looking at options, seeing what's out there), but then it gets, well, bleh when you are actually narrowing down which you want to apply to and why.
Yeah... browsing and imagining possibilities is fun. But I feel behind because I'm a rising senior and a lot of my friends know where they want to go. I'm just starting to narrow things down. XD

I have a good idea of what I want to major in (most likely biochemistry, maybe astrophysics), so I'm not terribly worried about that. I just don't want to stay in Kansas, and it seems the schools I like the most are too far even for me to visit. That, or too expensive. :\
1. Researching colleges, in my opinion, is interesting; applying and writing essays are tiring.
2. You don't need to know which college is your #1 choice right away. I changed my mind three times over the course of two years. My list, at one point, totaled to over 14 schools. Also, make an effort to visit schools, but if you can't then ask people you know who are going / attend / have been to that school what makes it unique, what they love about it, what they hate about it, etc. The best, most cost-effective time to visit schools (in my opinion) is if you applied to a bunch of colleges and also got accepted to a bunch of them (then, obviously, visit the ones you were accepted to).
Just my two cents. Take my advice or don't; you can discuss your college application process with as many people as you want, but in the end it's your decision."
"Sorry for the late response... but;
Was it about ponies? xD. Because if it was.. Yeah, that was our bloody, gory fanfiction. (:

EDIT: I just reread it, and I forgot how violent it was. o_o."
"Air travel does suck. Airports aren't bad - I love the Tokyo airport in particular, too bad we had to literally sprint through it this time to catch the next flight - but there are still things about air travel that make me hate it.

1. Security. Really. Sucks. Take off shoes, take off jacket, take off belt, take off watch, take out phone, take out laptop, go through security, put everything back where it belongs...
2. Long airplane rides don't get along with me well either. I can't sit still for more than about 2 hours at a time, unless I'm out cold (thankfully, anti-motion sickness meds have the beneficial side effect of causing extreme drowsiness, which is how I managed to get through most of the flight to Japan).
3. Airline food...don't even get me started.

I also seem to have developed a talent for falling asleep almost immediately on any kind of transportation - cars, planes, buses, you name it. I still envy one of my teammates, though, who had the ability to sleep the entire way to States despite about 15 screaming middle schoolers (myself and another teammate were woken up multiple times and ended up getting annoyed enough to yell at the middle schoolers to kindly SHUT UP).

In response to the other conversation: Ugh, college. All my dream/reach schools are either insanely selective (hello, >90% rejection/waitlist rate), insanely expensive (hello, $40K+ per year for tuition alone), or both. I guess that's why they're called dream schools...because going there will be just a dream."
"0. No way, I totally had that same exact experience at the Narita airport! I will grant you that sprinting across the airport with a two-year-old isn't fun.
1. If you're a ninja security isn't a problem But seriously, if you prepare adequately and are completely ready it's not that much of a hassle. I usually have all of those things (except for the belt) and liquids too, and if you begin preparing early enough (remove the clothing necessary while you're still in line, get a tray early, etc.) and just slip on your sneakers when you put them on instead of tying them, security can be a breeze. It also helps to know the regulations pretty well.
2. Okay, sorry, that sucks. My teammate had serious motion sickness problems; when we were flying to Atlanta for Augusta nats in 2009 Dox and I were told to ""SHUT UP RIGHT NOW"" by her because apparently her motion sickness couldn't handle our discussion of the SkyMall catalog. Also, you can always take a walk up and down the aisle if your legs get cramped or tired.
3. Delta's Biscoff and Frontier's free chocolate chip cookies. 'Nuff said.
I love air travel! Most airports (except the really tiny ones) are really interesting to walk around in, security's not that bad, and usually flying is a better alternative than a long car ride or a boat (there are exceptions, but I would rather fly to most places than take ground or sea transportation). Also, the SkyMall catalog really can be interesting and planes are really good places to catch up on your reading or sleep.
AlphaTauri wrote:
In response to the other conversation: Ugh, college. All my dream/reach schools are either insanely selective (hello, >90% rejection/waitlist rate), insanely expensive (hello, $40K+ per year for tuition alone), or both. I guess that's why they're called dream schools...because going there will be just a dream.
There's not much I can say here without sounding insensitive, but just remember that the <10% does exist! Don't get your hopes too high (not much, if anything, is a given when it comes to college admissions) but also don't let your dreams be completely crushed by intimidating numbers."
"0. Yeah, our flight into Tokyo got delayed by 3 hours, first because of a minor jetfuel spill, then because we had to return to the gate to drop off some cargo so the plane could take off on a shorter runway - the regular one was under construction. We only had a 1:30 layover in Tokyo, so we should've missed our next flight, but they held it because so many people were taking that connection. Still had to sprint through security and the terminal to get there in time, though. (Not quite as bad as the time I was on a school-sponsored trip and had to sprint through Washington-Dulles with barely 20 minutes to clear immigration and catch a connection, but that's another story. (Yes, we did make it. Yes, we probably did look like idiots running through the terminal.))
1. Yeah, I'm complaining more than it's worth. I've been through security enough times to know the tricks, but it's still annoying. Flying with an instrument is even worse, especially when you've shoved a collapsible stand in your carry-on luggage (apparently it looks quite suspicious on x-ray ). The airport we usually fly out of is pretty tiny and only has two security lines, so it takes quite a while to go through it...travelling with 60+ orchestra kids and instruments = BAD.
2. Again, I'm probably complaining more it's worth. I'm usually asleep for the majority of an airplane ride, so I guess it isn't really that bad. At least I don't get motion sickness (I really only take the meds because it knocks me out for most of the flight).
3. I've never flown Frontier (we usually fly Delta or United). While airline snacks are usually decent, the meals they serve you are rather, uh, mysterious-looking and taste rather, uh, interesting. Also, there was once years ago where they were serving instant noodles (the kind that involves boiling hot water) and we hit turbulence...

Says the Stanford freshman. Yeah, I'm probably not making it better for myself by wanting to major in physics..."
"It's hard for me to find anyone to talk to - most people I know are staying in Kansas, which I definitely won't do. In fact, there's one counselor at my school who seriously pressures her students to apply to only Kansas state schools. :\ Fortunately, my counselor is more open to what I want. I'd rather go somewhere far away; since I used to live in another country, I really love to travel. But that does make visiting difficult. I'll probably take your advice and visit where I've been accepted. Just have to get the parents to agree. >_>
AlphaTauri wrote:
insanely expensive (hello, $40K+ per year for tuition alone)
That's my problem. I can afford to go college, but I really want as many scholarships as possible, especially with the crappy economy. The problem is, a lot of the good schools only give need-based aid. Most of the ones that give good scholarships to National Merit people (I know for certain I'm a semi-finalist; I'll probably be a finalist, unless something weird happens) aren't that great...

Also, my two cents on flying: I love it. It's more exciting than driving - I sleep most of the way. Pretty excited to be flying to Soviet Canuckistan this fall!"
"My take on colleges:

It seems that Kansas people have a penchant for staying in Kansas. You just don't hear of all that many going out-of-state, relatively speaking. I want to go out of state as well, but I'm going to have the money issues. I really, really, really want to go to Northwestern, but they would just happen to be one of the few colleges that give out absolutely zero merit-based scholarships. They do meet your demonstrated financial need, but will probably expect my family to be able to contribute much more than they actually can. I also want to save some money for grad school when I get out of college too, and sans scholarships, Northwestern is about a quarter million for four years. Yikes.

As for national merit scholar, I got a 213, so I could go either way. (I wish they used ACT instead). I probably won't end up at Northwestern, but I know I won't stay in Kansas >.>"
"I don't like air travel, but I feel like I have a worse time with it since:
0. Can't really do too much about that, sorry...my flights tend to be alright in terms of timing, I think maybe a few times I had problems
1. In terms of security, I think I more care whether they start to suspect someone/touch someone/seems unsanitary
2. I generally never sleep, sometimes I do, but I try not to take naps...ever...Alpha, wouldn't you know from those times on chats
3. I think food is the one thing we have semi-solved by just getting sandwiches before hand, or pretty much never getting the food since it's not like we have to eat it.
In general, for me it's just more tiring, and I think it's fairly unsanitary no matter what you do...

Also, in terms of college I guess I can't say much more since I am probably similar to Alpha in that respect...I mean, I am thinking of not majoring in pure physics as much as astrophysics/geophysics, and maybe I will try to go for some engineering minor or something if I can since that sounds like it would work well. But I guess I will start to look at colleges more next year. I think Koko's advice sounds good, though."
"I really do agree with everything you said - there are some people from Kapaun who go out of state, but almost everyone goes to WSU, KSU, or KU. Some people go to Newman, as well, since they give full rides (?) if you have a 30 on the ACT and a 4.0 weighted GPA. They'll probably be the only in-state school I apply to, if only because my former coach is a professor there.

Money is my big problem, too. I don't understand how colleges expect my family to contribute so much - it's not as if we're extremely rich or anything. But we're just not poor enough, I suppose. >_> Actually, I was looking at Northwestern too, but I dismissed it almost as soon as I saw they don't give merit-based scholarships. I still have it on my list, just further down.

One of my best bets is actually the University of Oklahoma, because they'd give me almost a full ride for five years for NMF alone. One girl from my school even got a quarter of a million to go there. Unfortunately, since my brother goes there, it's very familiar and close. I'm wanting more of an adventure, but they really are great for NM... :\

I get the feeling I'm going to be working like crazy all four years for grad school."
Wow, big posts.
I only cope well with airplane flights if I'm by the window.
I was freaking out on an airplane once 'cuz I'm scared of heights.
"0. Ooh, that sounds rough. I just have stories because my family used to fly standby a lot. Also, why did you have to clear immigration if you were flying from DC? (Or am I missing something?)
1. Which airport do you usually fly out from? I thought PHL was pretty big.
2. Ah, okay. Taking medication to knock yourself out, eh? Suspicious.
3. Yeah, when I was flying from MNL to ICN, I didn't have any meals on the plane because the MNL-ICN meal had shrimp (which I can't eat). I got to ICN hungry, except it was 5 AM and none of the restaurants were open yet.
FullMetalMaple wrote:
zyzzyva98 wrote:
My take on colleges:

It seems that Kansas people have a penchant for staying in Kansas. You just don't hear of all that many going out-of-state, relatively speaking. I want to go out of state as well, but I'm going to have the money issues. I really, really, really want to go to Northwestern, but they would just happen to be one of the few colleges that give out absolutely zero merit-based scholarships. They do meet your demonstrated financial need, but will probably expect my family to be able to contribute much more than they actually can. I also want to save some money for grad school when I get out of college too, and sans scholarships, Northwestern is about a quarter million for four years. Yikes.

As for national merit scholar, I got a 213, so I could go either way. (I wish they used ACT instead). I probably won't end up at Northwestern, but I know I won't stay in Kansas >.>
I really do agree with everything you said - there are some people from Kapaun who go out of state, but almost everyone goes to WSU, KSU, or KU. Some people go to Newman, as well, since they give full rides (?) if you have a 30 on the ACT and a 4.0 weighted GPA. They'll probably be the only in-state school I apply to, if only because my former coach is a professor there.

Money is my big problem, too. I don't understand how colleges expect my family to contribute so much - it's not as if we're extremely rich or anything. But we're just not poor enough, I suppose. >_> Actually, I was looking at Northwestern too, but I dismissed it almost as soon as I saw they don't give merit-based scholarships. I still have it on my list, just further down.
Oh, is that a Midwest thing, staying in the area for college? Most people at my school go to the University of Minnesota or other colleges in Minnesota (and if not, then schools in neighboring states like ND, SD, IA, or WI). I believe I am the only one at my school going to California (and the only other West Coast-er is going to some small school in Washington). It could also just be a universal thing, staying close to home for college.
Also, yeah, I dunno how I'm going to pay for college. My school offers no merit aid, but my high school offered a bunch of scholarships and I got some money from that. Add that to the fact that I plan on going to grad and/or med school, and costs get kind of intimidating."
"0. Yeah, we don't usually have problems with flights; apart from that, the only major delay that I can remember was because there was a general backup at the airport and we had to wait for a runway, but flying to/from Asia is always kind of rough. @Koko, we had to clear immigration in DC because it was a flight in from Canada - trip to Quebec for Carnaval, associated with the French department. While I'm at it, I might as well tell the story: On our flight out of Montreal-Trudeau, we had to wait for them to de-ice the plane (this is the dead of winter, mind you)...except one of the two de-icing trucks caught on fire. Because this was an evening flight and we had to go to school the next day, they had booked our connection very close so we could get home in time. Our flight took off about an hour late, which left us with about 20 minutes to clear immigration and make our flight in DC.
1. We usually fly out of HIA, because it's closer - it's considered international because of one flight a day to Canada - but that's usually just a connection to a big hub like PHL/DTW/ORD where we catch the ""real"" flight.
2. @syo, sometimes you have to sleep on 13-hour flights or else be extremely bored.
3. Yeah, at least I don't have any food allergies, but airline food still sucks.

I think FinAid is going to be my main problem if I get accepted to my dream schools, since we're not exactly poor...we probably could manage to pay for college no matter where I wanted to go, but then I'd be left flat broke for grad school. @syo, I kind of want to major in physics because it leaves me more options - I can go into engineering from there (I know someone who's an aerospace engineer working with NASA, he got a degree in physics first and it actually helped him later), I can go into astrophysics in grad school, or I can get a teaching certification with I think one extra year of college. My other major problem is that I want to minor in music (no pun intended >.<). Most of the amazing science schools I want to attend don't really have a music program...I might just see if I can go for a BA in Physics instead. I haven't really started looking seriously into colleges though. Kind of don't want to. >.>"
Summer=my siblings fighting and embarassing me. Being the oldest can be annoying at times...
@Alpha: You say that you want to major in physics maybe because it leaves you more options...is there are reason against just going into college without having declared your major? Colleges that I have looked generally do a lot to help students find out what they want to do...whereas, if you decided to major in physics but after doing so decided you liked engineering, you would have to spend much more money go back to school for engineering.
Hahaha the tokeyo airport brings back so many good memories...last time I was there was for 6 hours because we couldn't get back into Manila because of a coo attempt that day... Definitely great memories
I can't wait to see Gravity Falls. Looks hilarious.
"I've considered going in undeclared, but I don't really like the idea of it since it feels like I'm procrastinating even further on deciding what I want to do (I should probably disabuse myself of that notion). I probably won't end up majoring in physics, though - I'll apply/enter as a physics major, then shift to engineering, or astrophysics, or education. And yeah, you're right on the last part, but it's better than majoring in engineering and then finding that I really like teaching physics and want to do that. Physics is the common thread between all of the things I want to do, and majoring in it means I'll have a very, very good base for whatever I decide to go further in. Of course, that's if I have the money to go to grad school...

Bah, why am I worrying so much about this...I'm only a rising junior, I should care about SATs and things first....

On that note, dammit, SAT II and AP results are going to arrive while I'll be away. I think I did fine on my AP tests (USH and Stat), barring major stupid mistakes. As for SAT IIs, USH was interesting because I said ""screw it"", didn't prepare at all and just relied on leftover AP Exam knowledge. Chem was...blargh, chemistry (syo can tell you all about my hatred for SAT Chem)."
"SCIOLY.ORG/RULES (Huh, thought that would turn out differently)
Typing on my Nook gets really annoying at times."
About to get on the plane to Japan! Eee! So excited! Well... to be specific I'm heading to LA and from there to Japan. But regardless!
"I'm afraid that I'm going to be left broke/in debt for grad/med school. Hopefully I'll be able to get a job/internship at some point. Also, if you like music, consider Johns Hopkins - they have the Peabody Institute and are also pretty good at sciencey stuff.
piisamazing wrote:
Hahaha the tokeyo airport brings back so many good memories...last time I was there was for 6 hours because we couldn't get back into Manila because of a coo attempt that day... Definitely great memories
Out of curiosity, when were you last in the Narita airport? I'm curious as to when there was a coup attempt in Manila."
I think Disney World is better than Cedar Point. Disney world shows you everything, instead of just putting you on big metal death traps. And you can look for hidden mickeys there. And waiting in line isn't that bad, because you can see all the hidden surprises. Although, I have never been to Cedar Point before, so I could be wrong about some of this.
"(just saying I am syo, it's comes from chat...). First, I still don't usually sleep on planes, sometimes it makes good reading time, though. I mean I guess physics is general, I just feel like if I go for astrophysics/geophysics and try and have engineering with that it is fairly useful and can cover a wide range in a field, but I guess physics would work in that same way (lol, yea we should be worrying more about SATs).

But gasp, hating chem how could you after we had that last minute review about Barium Sulfate, Trigonal Bipyramidal molecules, and I am not sure if I threw in the fact that my chem teacher taught about the main parts to spectral lines, along with all those redox reactions. I mean don't tell me you Iron Argide it or that bonding (possibly covalent) meant nothing to you. I thought we agreed it was a fairly basic subject. Hopefully that gets a reaction, but usually my puns are non-spontaneous for you . Personally I like it better than bio. As for APs, Euro was meh...the multiple choice was quite specific, the DBQ and essays were nice, but I spent too much time planning so I didn't have much time to write the last two essays, but I got it done so it was fine. But I am sure we did fine on chem."
"Did any of you take the AP Global History? With that lovely DBQ about the relation between cricket and southeast asian politics...

Anyway, you guys are right; concentrating on SATs and subject tests would be a good idea. I took the physics subject test this year, and I hadn't studied at all because I somehow had gotten it into my head that my work for the AP would be enough, even though they were separated by a month...needless to say, it is unlikely that I got anything over a 750 or so on a test I probably could have gotten the full 800 on."
I found out about Brave 2 years ago, and became pretty excited. I did not think it was going to be like it is, and I like that.
username changes ftwwwwwwwwwwwww
Who is this?
"Cedavis6 wrote:
I found out about Brave 2 years ago, and became pretty excited. I did not think it was going to be like it is, and I like that.
Look at Cedavis6 trying to desperately trying to change the subject"
If my memory of the usernames people use on chat serves me right, Liv is trajectoryrox (This would also explain why the name "tajectoryrox" doesn't get any results when you search the name on the list of people on this site.)
I suppose I should agree with this...though I didn't notice this right away...yea Liv is trajectoryroxs (well, not anymore actually...)
Well, I have ansolutely no clue what everyone's talking about...
Grats! (Now it won't be so confusing XD)
"I just looked up Science Olympiad memes.
I am at a loss for words..."
You should see the IB memes.
You in IB?
What's IB?
"I'm in 6th grade and I know its international bachelorreate.( probably spelled it wrong)
*Facepalm*"
I don't watch that stuff...
"UM.......
ok . My brother is now at law school, but he was in a few of IB classes

Also... watch? really?

*facepalm*
2 seconds later...*EPIC AFTERSHOCK FACEPALM*"
"Wow,
FAIL!
Ironically, I am a brunette, anybody thinking I was a blonde. I can be stupider than what blonde jokes portray blondes as."
When my glasses finally come, everyone in my family will have glasses except my aunt.
So... it has come to this.
"Ha!

http://xkcd.com/1022"
I got that from that comic!
Nope, I might be next year though, for math, if the high school schedule fits mine. It's sorta complicated, like, I skipped two grades of math, so, next year instead of being in Algebra, I'll be in Algebra II, and if my schedule works out, I'll be put in an IB class. :P
"I'm bored, so Imma rant about the Haunted Mansion in Disney World.
First, every single portrait in there scares the crud out of me. The Stretching Room has pictures that stretch to show people DYING. There's a pic of a woman getting EATEN BY A CROCODILE!!!! How's that for nightmares?
Second, at one point in the ride, somebody screamed at the top of their lungs, and I believe it was a part of the ride. My brother and I plugged our ears for the rest of the ride.
Finally, I felt so alone. Well, I knew others were on the ride, but the ghosts aren't good company, because almost all of them just want to creep you out.
I like thre premise of the ride, and the effects are amazing. But this ride is scary, in my opinion. They could make it WAY funnier, and mildly scary, and it would be just as popular as it is now."
Blargh...jet lag. (Yes, I'm aware that I'm currently up at "normal" East Coast hours, but someone had to wake me up and I was not happy about it.)
When I come back from China,I sleep in the day and be awake at night.
I feel like my normal sleep schedule qualifies as jetlag for some people.
Watching the first season of A:TLA with my sister. THE INDOCTRINATION BEGINS
Speaking with a British accent is fun.
"Oh no...

http://www.billboard.com/news/carly-rae ... 4952.story"
"LOL! It actually sounds really good for a summer-party song! So catchy
But of course, its not like his other more meaningful and musical songs that hes done in the past.
Also maybe he'll get some more publicity with this song :] i cant wait for the new album

btw this is from my phone so im having to ignore some rules of grammar. I sound likea third grader who has just discovered the internet and forum Posting."
LOL. Same here. xD.
"You want to talk about screwed-up sleep schedule...

Yes, it is 4 AM. No, I can't sleep."
I changed my avvy... it's slightly embarassing because I really thought Forever wasn't the Sassy.
MY GLASSES ARE HORRIBLY LATE! What do they ship them to Disneyland before here?! >.<
wasn't you locatin at one point "looking for ways to prove forever is not the sassy"
"That's basically me every night.

...and I just spent about two weeks spending said nights watching How I Met Your Mother."
I can't believe it. I have scored an 800 on parts of the SATs, I have numerous medals in Science Olympiad, and am involved in building. Yet, somehow, I was just outsmarted by a waffle maker. How does that even happen? Aren't those things supposed to be idiot-proof?
I have to get up at 5 tomorrow. >.> Don't know how I'm going to survive it.
If you're doing 0 period Spanish, get used to it lol
Yeah... *facepalm*
"Further evidence that my sleep schedule is completely and utterly screwed up:

I pulled an all-nighter the night before last (which was completely unintentional - I just couldn't sleep (thanks syo, you're a bad influence, you know that? )). Made it through most of yesterday with the help of some coffee...

Then I fell asleep (completely unintentionally) at some point between 8 and 9 last night, and only got up about half an hour ago.

Ah, summer.

Edit:

You know what they say...if an engineer tries to make something idiot-proof, society will come up with a better idiot. But yeah, I think we've all done plenty of stupid stuff like that before...I know I have."
Book Smarts vs Street Smarts
Yes, at States, I got lost trying to get to the Ornithology building and turns out, I had a map in my pocket the whole time XD Not that I know how to use one...but still.
At least last night I wasn't bothering to give you amusing puns/conversations. I mean, you said you couldn't get to sleep anyway so...but apparently now I have to go to sleep earlier anyway, so sorry I can't enable not sleeping anymore.
My mom was explaining what homosapiens means, and my little sister asked what teachers were. (Facepalm)
mehmeh. You're right. And I survived the first day of Java. It's actually really easy. And I thought I was going to be failing. e_e.
I tried teaching myself Java on a few occasions... let's just say they didn't go so well -_-
"Ehh, it's not too bad. You just have to remember the semicolons.

My highlight of today was probably when one of the coaches started impersonating Elmo, like pitch-perfectly.
It started to get creepy when he said stuff like, ""Elmo's gonna kill you!"" and ""Elmo loves you!""

Today was strange...but also very amusing."
"Sound pretty fun

I'm going to take a class at my local community college (I could walk there in like 4 minutes) but they didn't have any Algebra 2 class, only a trig, but the class description sounded like we were going to go on walks and measure the angles of random stuff so I chose to do the Calculus one. Dunno how it's going to work out..."
Remember them? Sometimes I had to remind myself NOT to end phrases with them when I had English right after AP Compsci
How do you get outsmarted by a waffle maker? What happened?
Recently, I was stumped by a small bubble-blower (as pictured here) and a trash can with a lid.
But how do you get outsmarted by them?
Ooh Koko, I don't like those bubble things... It bothers me that the blower part is attached to the lid >.<
"You've never seen an inanimate object intentionally try to trip you up? It can happen. Those things are sinister.
tuftedtitmouse12 wrote:
Ooh Koko, I don't like those bubble things... It bothers me that the blower part is attached to the lid >.<
It bothers me that the lids are ridiculously hard to take off and that when you do get them off, the solution spills everywhere and you get all sticky."
Oh, NOW I get it. Yes, thoe bubble things are terrible.
Also, the cap is so small, that you end up having to hold part of the sticky wand part >.>
Wow. 6th graders and up are complaining about bubble "things".......
"They are EVIL! EVIL, I TELL YOU, EVIL!!!!!
Yesterday, on the way home from church, I was in our Uplander, and we passed these teens in another Uplander, and next time we see them, they're holding up a sign saying ""Uplander Code""."
"Wow. a 6th grader is complaining about 6th graders and up complaining about bubble ""things"".......

And yes. I'm a 9th grader complaining about a 6th grader complaining about 6th graders and up complaining about bubble ""things""......."
+1
How do you know I'm in 6th grade? STALKER!!!!!
Lucky guess?
"awesome90220 wrote:
mnstrviola wrote:
awesome90220 wrote:
Wow. 6th graders and up are complaining about bubble ""things"".......
Wow. a 6th grader is complaining about 6th graders and up complaining about bubble ""things"".......

And yes. I'm a 9th grader complaining about a 6th grader complaining about 6th graders and up complaining about bubble ""things"".......
How do you know I'm in 6th grade? STALKER!!!!!
Point made."
You might be the exception, but for most of the 6th graders and up I know, our hands aren't as small as the little kiddos those bubble things were *supposed* to be made for.
"Nice sig, tufted
See if you can spot the reference in my location"
"Cave In!

XD To the Sky was the first Owl City song I heard, besides Vanilla Twlight"
Mines was Fireflies. It's funny because it's actually one of his least best songs IMO compared to his others.
"Lol, I meant remember where you are and aren't supposed to put them. xD.
mnstrviola wrote:

Sound pretty fun

I'm going to take a class at my local community college (I could walk there in like 4 minutes) but they didn't have any Algebra 2 class, only a trig, but the class description sounded like we were going to go on walks and measure the angles of random stuff so I chose to do the Calculus one. Dunno how it's going to work out...
It is fun. ;D. I'm glad I won Compute This.
And D: The Trig class doesn't sound that great... Hopefully the Calc works out. What course is your sister taking again? I forgot. xD."
Algebra readiness
"Oh yeah. xD.
I got some Jamba Juice today.."
"I tried to ride my scooter down a playground slide.

Also my favorite flavor of Jamba Juice is White Gummy Bear."
"THEY HAVE THAT!???!?!?!
I like to stick with the Razzmatazz. <--- If that's how you spell it?"
Jamba Juice has a whole secret menu, but the exact recipe for each drink can vary from location to location. Most stores do serve White Gummi though because it's very popular (not to mention super-sugary).
That sounds delicious! And if you went to Harry Potter World, as sugary as the butterbeer?
Well, it seems that the state of Colorado is on fire right now, and I am starting to worry that I won't have a school to go back to for this fall since UCCS(University of Colorado - Colorado Springs) is only a half mile from an evacuation zone.
"I hope that your college and the surrounding neighborhoods will be unaffected by the fire. On a similar note, didn't Texas have some major fires last year (I remember that it did but am not entirely certain.)?

Now, on an entirely unrelated note, my family recently got IPhones (I'm actually using mine to type this post (not using the mobile version of this site), and I am reading King Richard III on my IPhone. In addition, I will be going to go to Duke TIP Summer camp next month. (I decided to make this post since I am not very social, even on this site, and there are things that I could talk about.))"
"http://xkcd.com/859/

Gee, thanks."
Did you really have to point that out?
Problem Solved.
Thanks, except... twototwenty's... *twitch*
GRAMMAR OCD!!!
oh the irony...
haha... I was just saying that the other person had grammar OCD!!!
You forgot the last parenthesis in my post, which means that I used proper grammar (although the right parenthesis you forgot about would go best between the words "IPhone" and "in") You can also see that my post was not edited after a reply was made since that would be indicated at the bottom of the post.
Actually, I think robotman editted the post with his admin powers,which doesn't make it say "editted" at the bottom to my knowledge, but whatever; I was joking anyway.
I have that too, although sometimes it doesn't bug me enough for me to point it out.
It's past 100 degrees here >.<
Where?
Just think, it could be worse. There could be over 10 wildfires blazing around your state.
Apparently the Google bot was just reading the topic "Why are there always bots online on this forum?"
"+1

Edit: If I hear the word 'swag' one more time, I seriously will die. ._."
S-W-A-G!!!
Actually, now it's 'bro'. ._.
B-R-O!!!
"//dies.

Thanks to all the random little kids at camp, who take gaming seriously, and name themselves things like 'swagmaster' and call each other 'bro', I don't think I could survive hearing those words again. Seriously, it's like this, every 5 seconds:

""Hey, Bro!!111! Be on my team!""

And:
""LOL, I totally won that game, bro.""

And then the classic:
""Hey Bro!!111! Be on my team! I totally won that game, bro. Swag. I'm the swagmaster, bro. YEAH, bro. SWAG!11!""

It bugs me. e_e"
"Yes, those words are used very much...
I just saw the Good Luck Charlie Special Delivery... Toby is so cute!"
"It's ""swag"" that gets to me, mainly the t-shirts that are all like,
""Cool swap bro!""
what does that mean? It's so overused it makes me sick."
"Yeah, at Regionals 2012, some of my teammates were seriously misusing ""trolled"" while playing Blokus. It was like this:

Person 1: (puts down piece)
Person 2: Ugh that's inconvenient.
Person 1: TROLLED!"
Meh, very cool now...Severe thunderstorms, weird looking clouds, and lightning >.<
"D:

Finished my Java project. It's a text based adventure. xD"
Is it online?
Nope. xD. It's really random. Like, there are two characters that you could be, either a girl, who fights the icecream man with a soccer ball, or you could be a dude who fights a pig using his saxaphone.
You never realize how much you use a microwave until it goes up in flames.
I just lost a Minesweeper tournament. Actually, I quit. xD.
They have those? Cool!
I don't understand why biological engineering isn't a biological science... it has more to do with biology than the "hard" engineering fields. And why are there so many different names for my major?! Yay, college searches.
"It was just a little thing that we had in camp. Nothing official. xD.
Today was the last day of camp. ;_;
...But then again, I'm going to a writing camp in a week. ;D"
Ooh, sounds fun
Awesome90220, what's your avvy? Just out of curiosity. I can't view it on my Nook.
Hopefully it will be.
PM me the details! It sounds very interesting!
"At VBS, we had this tube thing set up for little kids to go in. This adorable 3-year-old asked me to come in.
I say I can't.
She asks why.
I say, ""Because I'm too big!""
""Why?""
""Uh... because I'm 13?""
""But why?""
""Uh... because I've lived that long?""
""But why?""
""Uh..."""
I hate it when 8 year olds constantly ask you why JUST to annoy you, but it's cute when really little kids ask you why to everything and they are ACTUALLY interested...
"Sent! It was sorta a lot to type, but I hope it helps~

I'm hooked on Neopets again...and I dragged Mnstr down with me."
I think I've made maybe 50k on my "first day" ^_^
>_> Halfway of what I've ever made in my whole Neopets career. Sad, really.
Yeah, I like helping out with the younger kids at my VBS.. They're always so energetic and happy (usually) that it makes it fun!
"*Officially 2x richer than aim4me26 in item assets and stocks ^_^

but not a np on hand lol"
"I'm richer than mnstr! I'm richer than mnstr! *happy dance*

Anyway:
It's funny, you want camp to end when you're at it, because you have to get up early, but when it actually ends, you want to go back... >_<.
^Same with music lessons. >_>"
I have many fond memories of VBS.
Happy Canada Day! *downs jug of maple syrup and flies l'Unifolié outside house*
"Oh, Canada. (Our home and native land / True patriot love in all thy sons command / With glowing hearts we see thee rise / The True North strong and free / From far and wide / O Canada, we stand on guard for thee / God keep our land glorious and free / O Canada, we stand on guard for thee / O Canada, we stand on guard for thee)

I've always wanted to do that

Edit: Also, imo, the transliteration of the French version sounds cooler than the English version."
"A few years ago, I was actually in Vancouver during Canada Day! It was really interesting.

On a related note, I recently learned that Owatonna is a city in Minnesota. I really thought it was in Canada."
Wait... this is STILL an active thread?
Yes, yes it is.
Alas, the Facebookian tendencies of this site's members are incorrigible
"+1
Don't have a Facebook, but I know it's so true."
"Hahaha, that's what someone said when I posted something about Canada Day last year (some 200+ pages ago). I love the French version of the national anthem.
Kokonilly wrote:
A few years ago, I was actually in Vancouver during Canada Day! It was really interesting.
Really? That must have been fun! When I lived in Calgary, there was this outdoor mall right outside my neighborhood that had a free pancake breakfast, wagon rides, and a petting zoo every Canada Day. It was worth getting up really early to go with friends."
Have any of you read Kingdom Keepers? It's so awesome!
Can someone make me a decent avvy of HIMYM ( How I Met Your Mother) with a capture and somehow put it on here
So Awesome's avvy is... How I Met Your Mother?
No, I'm just gonna go with no avvy now.
I'm confused as to why Bing and Google are considered registered users.
They are spiders that crawl the internet. Basically, Bing and Google both have servers that do nothing but hop from link to link searching the internet so if you google something science olympiad related, they can return a scioly.org thread as a result. phpbb3 has a feature that lets you know when bing, google, yahoo, etc. are crawling through the forums.
I thought that you were gone?
"When I was a n00b, I thought they were actual people, and I tried clicking their profiles. (facepalm)
And Google is watching me... right now..."
Happy Independence day everyone!!
YAY AMERICA!!!!!!!
trumpets r cool
Happy Fourth of July!
"While on the topic of 4th of July:
Does England have a 4th of July?"
/Old joke
Definitely listening to this song for today. Kansas is so awesome.
"Bah, 4th of July. CERN announced evidence of the Higgs boson (out to 5 std devs!) this morning...science like that is way more awesome than any fireworks. Someone was playing ""Born in the USA"" quite loudly this morning, and I felt obliged to point out that it was a Vietnam War protest song and therefore not very patriotic at all...

Also, we played with liquid nitrogen (and made ice cream with it) today at camp, so that was also awesome. :D"
All of a sudden I want some ice cream to go with my giant chocolate bar and shark book.
This sums it up:
Wow, fine dining insult!
Ah. 4th of July just doesn't seem the same when there are no fireworks to light or watch.
Kokonilly! Do you...use twitter?! *gasps*
Ah, no. If I did, I would be following him I actually used to have a Twitter for my English composition class first semester senior year (we met every other day and my teacher wanted to be able to reach us quickly), but after the class ended I realized that all I did was retweet Neil deGrasse Tyson, so I got rid of it. I just have his feed bookmarked now.
"Ring around the Rosie is such a twisted song...
It's about the Bubonic plauge for crying out loud!"
"Ah, how I love CERN, and oh, how I despise drunk patriots who get high because they're celebrating their country's ""awesomeness"".
Cedavis6 wrote:
Ring around the Rosie is such a twisted song...
It's about the Bubonic plauge for crying out loud!
Which is what makes it awesome, of course. Who doesn't love a good ol' rousing song about the bubonic plague?
Also, I feel compelled to point this out--you spelled ""plague"" wrong, you capitalized the song wrong, and you didn't italicize the song title. Also, you forgot a comma in your last sentence."
Parden mi grammer misstakes. (Don't correct me, those were on purpose. )
Describes my neighbors perfectly.
"America is awesome, but SO not worth getting drunk and high over.
I HATE DRUGS!!!!"
Actually, the legend that Ring Around the Rosie is about the bubonic plague is just that - a legend. (It was Snopes'd.)
...Wow, I can sing that song with kids and not feel disturbed again.
"LE GASP!

Mr. Sato was WRONG!"
"BROBO!　BROOOOBO!!! BOBO!!
Wha' cha up to this past year？

ＵＲＧ．．．Ｋａｎｓａｓ　ｉｓ　ａｗｅｓｏｍｅ，　ｎｏｗ　Ｉ　ｃａｎ＇ｔ　ｓａｙ　ｔｈｅ　ｖｅｒｙ　Ｍｉｓｓｏｕｒｉａｎ　＂Ｋａｎｓａｓ　Ｓｕｃｋｓ！＂　ｗｉｔｈｏｕｔ　ｃｒｉｎｇｉｎｇ　ａｔ　ｔｈｅ　ｉｎｓｕｌｔ　ｏｆ　 ｔｈｅ　ｂａｎｄ"
I am reading past Sassy games and learning that I like the new ones best.
LOL. Because Sato's never been wrong before.
Is Sato one of those eccentric teachers who will say something like they are alien engineered?
Out of curiosity, why do you like the new ones best?
"First of all: Storyline, storyline, storyline.
Also: I like how civilians can post and help. After all, most of them don't know the Sassy, anyways.
It's probably also that I'm more familiar with the users on the newer ones."
"...You do know that the storylines are there because older games had them, right?
That civilian rule was scrapped about fifty games ago, darling.
The older ones were a lot better. Better players, better assassinators, etc."
I think the new ones are better still, but whatever.
Isn't it surprising how many spam accounts go up in scioly every day?
What do you mean?
Go to members, sort them according to date, and see how many are ads for one place or another.
"Aye... That IS annoying.
EDIT: My brother wants me to say hi to one of my friends.
Hi, friends!!!"
"Ehh, not really. He's our SciOly coach, and happens to be the Advanced Science teacher.. He makes science very interesting, that's all I can say.
...Maybe Mnstr can elaborate? xD.

Edit: Hi Ced! xD"
"Sato... the idol of all (or at least most of) the nerds in our school. He makes learning fun and interesting and also mentors us for high school and college. Not to mention the fact that he brings Rock Band 2 at parties and throws candy at us, who could hate that? XD

Eeh, I have some bittersweet sentiments about him though, like giving a really bad final 7th+8th grade exam and being biased in choosing the events for Science Olympiad.*cough*Anatomy*cough* Ah well, that's a different story for another day. Overall he's a great teacher / mentor."
"^Lol yes, that pretty much sums it up. Sato's my idol for sure. xD. Don't forget about how he makes fun of practically everyone, and his laugh. Oh gosh, it's haunting me now.

>_<, Yeah, the anatomy thing..That really messed us up... Next year's team is going to be horrible. Sato's probably going to make the overconfident drummer the team captain.. Either that or my R&M's partner. Ehh. Neither is a good idea."
As we go through....
You will fail.
You should see Mr. D. He actually says he's alien engineered. I told him I don't believe him, and now he embarasses me about it every time he sees me- so I hide from him.
"LOL. I wish I could hide from Sato. xD.

And leaving tomorrow to go to the writing camp thing. Lol.
...Limited computer access for 12 days... I don't know how I'll survive. D: Wish me luck. ._."
"Gah, arranging this piano cover is driving me somewhat (more) insane. If I want it to be playable, it sounds weird because it's not quite the original rhythms and chords, but if I try to make it sound like the original, it's too tough for me to play. :[

(Yes, all of you are free to roll your eyes at my complaining.)

I think I just need to step away from the computer and stop thinking about music for a while...yeah, right. I still have to learn my District audition piece and get it up to audition quality in less than five months. I hate Baroque. >.>"

I'm still alive.
That's good. I was very much concerned about you.
I have 60 sharpies not including the ones I haven't stolen from my mom.
I saw a fellow Science Olympian today while I was helping at my church's day camp. My school and church are in two different places completely, so this means something to me.
"Are you doing science as well?
Are you feeling fantastic?
Am I dying?

...

Perhaps that was one too many."
and while your dying I'l be
Not for long...
In retrospect, taking a 2-3 hour nap in the late evening and waking up at about 9:30 PM wasn't that good an idea. It's safe to say that my sleep schedule is pretty thoroughly messed up.
Summer sure messes up a lot of things, eh? but yeah, my brain is lagging >.<
"Trying to figure out how to schedule a college road trip so that you'll be able to visit all of the schools you're interested in on the days that they actually have engineering tours/info sessions is harder than it seems.

...More first world problems"
"My Nook charger broke!
First world problem."
"Power's out!
C-c-combo breaker of the #firstworldproblems"
"I rickrolled my mom today!
But I got my braces tightened too."
I got mine off yesterday <-- you see that? Thats me. No more braces.
"They put a plastic chain on part of the bottom row, so it's even worse. And I nearly threw up.
With any luck, my braces will be off by 2013."
I died. And now I'm back... for like 5 minutes.
"So the room just shook really strongly for a couple of seconds, and I'm not sure if it was an earthquake or not. I tried checking the USGS map but nothing was on it where I am.

And I might not've gone to school today but the warning was just canceled. I'm ticked."
Gone to school? It's summer!
Today my chess.com Tactics Trainer rating is FINALLY above 1700!
I'm exchanging in Japan for the summer. They go year round.
"If it shook vigorously, it was probably an earthquake, though that's weird if it didn't show up on the USGS site, especially if you're in Japan; I was in the Philippines (a rural part, too) when an earthquake hit and it was pretty quickly findable on the USGS site.

On a site note, protip: Don't go to a theme park wearing flip-flops. Just wear sneakers and get them wet (if you go on water rides). Good lord do my feet hurt."
McDonalds Sweet Tea + Coffee Creamer = (sort-of) milk tea
"I AM ALIVE.
(The capitalization gives it authority.)"
"You know, I heard someone made a neat gun for you.

...

Sorry; knee-jerk response."
"Just got back from a cruise to Canada...
I realized that about half my pictures were of interesting trees, Precambrian fossils, and cool birds.
I am so beyond hopeless."
Apparently setting off fireworks after the forth of July doesn't change the fact that it's still illegal if your state has a burn ban. And unnatural coloured hair dye is extra flammable, meaning if a rocket happened to brush by your head, your hair catches on fire. The saddest part is, this happened last year on the 4th (the hair burning off part) and I didn't learn my lesson. I guess I kinda thought that blue hair colour would be less flammable than pink, but it's not. So, once again I am missing half my hair. Then I wonder why hair never grows.
Getting up at 5 AM for a flight to Minneapolis, awww yeah (hi Koko and all you Minnesotans )
I'm posting from my Wii.
"Why hello, sorry to day I'm not anywhere in the area though My plans for summer SO study are gone through the window.
mnstrviola wrote:
McDonalds Sweet Tea + Coffee Creamer = (sort-of) milk tea
Really? Next time I'm at Mcdonalds I must try that. I really like milk tea."
"I just realized today's Friday the 13th.
Eh, oh well."
Note to anyone with a black cat: Black cats are often abused on Friday the 13th because of their "bad luck". Keep them inside if you suspect anyone would hurt them.
Beware- I have a chainsaw if you don't follow this.
Warning: It usually gives me a minor stomachache XD
I am looking up Choose Your Own Adventure books for fun.
Surprisingly, nothing bad happened to me today.. ;D
Why are the Pokémon theme songs so... odd?
I wanna beeeeee the very best. Like no one every was. To catch them is my real test. To train them is my cauuuseee~
Talking more about the "We're friends, Yay!" songs.
I didn't realize that Pokemon had those types of songs in it.
Yeah, I think they're in the new ones.
It's my dad's birthday today!
YAY!!!
"Absolutely no motivation to do English reading/work...or anything really, for that matter. >.>

Ah, summer.

Also, happy Bastille Day, everyone! Libertié, égalité, fraternité."
"About the lack of motivation, same here...I have a 68 page outline to do for APUSH, and I haven't toutched the textbook since the day I got it

About Bastille Day, the storming of the Bastille held no real tactical significance; there were only 7 prisoners there at the time."
"Somehow, our car key was in the dryer with our sheets...

GO DETROIT TIGERS!!!"
"Oh, the memories of summarizing all the sections of all the chapters on Post-it notes...
Cheesy Pie's sig wrote:
""PASTAAAA!"" -Italy
Woah.

There's another Hetalia fan here.

This is awesome."
Hey, I know this! It's that manga with characters that represented countries, right?
Yeah... Pastaaaaaaaaaaaaa!
I went to the beach today. And the water was freezing. @_@
Santa Cruz?
I see you're at Stanford right now! How is it? What are you doing?
"Just checking to see if I can post from my Wii, for some reason I can't post from my Nook.
Trying my Nook..."
"Nope. xD I actually don't know where.. But it seemed like a small town about an hour away from Palo Alto.
Kokonilly wrote:

I see you're at Stanford right now! How is it? What are you doing?
It's really awesome! But I have barely any free-time. Basically, you get up in the morning, and then go to breakfast at the dining hall. You go to class for like 3 hours, and then go to lunch. After lunch you go to a study session, and then after that have snack breaks. Then, you go to an afternoon activity. After that, it's dinner, and then a planned evening activity. After that, it's free time, and I'm using that right now."
"Haha, I didn't spend much time in Minneapolis/St Paul anyways, we had to drive down to Fairmont for a wedding.

Don't you all hate it when on shorter flights, you end up on sitting in the plane on the ground for longer than it's actually in the air?"
Ahh, that's so awesome! The weather there must be delightful; we had a heat advisory today in Minnesota.
"I'm alive too. Not that anybody is likely particularly delighted about that =P

Also, research is SO BORING sometimes; I think I've played like 30 games of hearts in the past week. With my computer. While waiting for my water to flow.

Also, I see I won Least Likely to have a Social Life AGAIN. REALLY, guys?"
I see I'm usually on here more than you are?
And Biggest Nerd, if I recall correctly. Isn't it good to be loved?
"+1
To Mnstr: I'm watching Scooby right now!
And to everyone who cares: My cousin from CA is visiting!"
Grats winner!
I saw Ice Age 4. It was pretty good.
"Welp... there goes my computer's power cord... and the battery died too. >.>

On a more positive note, waterparks are fun and tomorrow (today) will be fun too."
What's going on? Going to a waterpark?
Heck yeah! I'm going to an indoor waterpark all day today with friends.
Awesome. Went to a waterpark last week, and that was fun.
I wish I could go to a waterpark. :o You guys are so lucky.
"Photosynthesis. Photosynthesis."- Spongebob
I love doing indoor water parks in the summer. There are usually next to no lines because in the summer everyone is doing the outdoor ones, so you can go on so many more rides than you can during peak season in winter.
"To all Sassy game fans:
Look at the end of every episode of Gravity Falls."
"Reminds me, I had a experimental meeting last year, which we had a spongebob worksheet of constants and variables, and we learned that sandy is not so smart, while patrick has a decent brain.
Sandy tested fertilizer, while giving each flower the same amount of fertilizer, and giving one flower more sun and one no sun.
Patrick tested fish food, and gave one group of fish the fish food and one regular food."
"There were a few lines, but they definitely weren't long enough to merit irritation. We were there for 9 hours with only a brief dinner break... totally worth it.

EDIT: Meh, grammar.
EDIT2: I don't want to stand up now..."
I hate sleeping.
"Reminds me of our expirimental design team (I know I spelled that wrong.). They did sheets like that about the Simpsons. I also think they may have done one about Spongebob.
Sandy? Really? Who made that sheet?"
Don't know. One of our student coaches found it off the Internet.
*sigh* Colorado is again on the news for nothing good. First the wildfires and now the Aurora movie theater shooting.
Hey chenyangping, this is scioly, not NFL NETWORK!!!!!!!!! Admins, is there a way to block this person, All she does is talk about mike Wallace with random sport jersey websites dropped into the lines.
Prbly a spam account.
Eh, I believe that would be a spambot.
That's what I thought, but I just felt like saying that.
All you need to do is file a report- one of us will take care of the problem as soon as we see it. Complaining about it elsewhere does not speed up the process.
Yesterday was the last day of my camp, and we're all departing soon.
I (and most of the United States) heard about that. I'm really sorry to hear that Colorado is having such an awful summer. I know someone who had friends at the shooting; one of them died. It's such a tragedy.
"WHAT I SHOULD BE DOING:
Working on my Honors English The Giver project.
WHAT I AM DOING:
Viewing my ego search, playing Cool Math Games, playing Solitaire, etc."
Hello from Wheeling. I'm playing in the Chicago Class tournament. So tired... all three games so far were more than an hour long.
Playing what? Once I played in a tennis match for over 3 hours because the other guy cheated.
The Giver was probably one of the best books I read that was assigned in class. A lot of my friends didn't like it though because if the ending (not gonna spoil it )
"I remember that book! (I didn't read it for class, just for the sake of reading.) It WAS a terrible ending, though.

Daaang, I don't remember the last time I read something just for fun instead of for school...whee, still haven't started AP Lang summer work. I still don't know what exactly I'm supposed to do besides read these books... >.>"
"The Giver is such a great book. It inspired me to write my first NaNo a few years ago.

But yeah... I have yet to read The Power and the Glory and Hedda Gabler for AP English Lit. At least I've finished Everything That Rises Must Converge. I really loved it.
AlphaTauri wrote:
Daaang, I don't remember the last time I read something just for fun instead of for school...
Since I'm working at a library now, I get to check out as many books as I want. I stayed up for hours last night finishing one of them; I'm going to take the other to camp next week."
"Oh, agreed - The Giver was good. I also read Ender's Game and The Great Gatsby and To Kill a Mockingbird for school - those are all very good.

Also... summer homework. I technically should be reading this book about 80's rock music and watching this documentary about art this little kid made and playing around with these smartphone apps that Smule made, but... ehh. I'd rather sleep a lot and go out with friends. This has been a pretty great summer so far. Too bad I'll be basically the last one left at home when I fly out September 15th.

Oh, right, and look, I have a computer! Yay for sigs."
"I'm currently making my way through Pride and Prejudice and Romeo and Juliet. I can handle the language in the former, but I need Sparknotes for Shakespeare.

Also, I haven't read a book for fun in a looong time as well. I think my last was Mockingjay almost a year ago."
I finished the book a while ago, but I have a syllabus to do on it. Yes, I loved the book, but the ending was a bit... confusing. I refuse to believe Jonas and Gaberiel died.
What? They didn't die! Granted, I read the book for school way back in 6th grade, but they definitely don't die, becaise there is acompanion book (which was terrible) and a 3rd book which ties the1st 2 together, which Gabe and Jonas are characters in.
Chess.
Oh. Tired?
"I loved the ending of The Giver. I thought the premise itself was quite interesting, and it's a great introduction to some of the deeper stuff you'll read later on, in high school.

Then again, I loved Peer Gynt too, and no one else I saw that play with had any idea what was going on."
Sofware licenses have got to be the most boring reading material in existence.
^Agreed.
After an entire day of chess? Definitely. It's a different sort of fatigue than in sports, but there's a definite loss of energy during a chess tournament.
"Yeah, agreed East
Cheesy Pie, what was the time alloted per person? 45 minutes? That does seem very long"
Is anybody here not Asian? I'm not Asian at all. Just curious.
Of course. Actually, a good percentage of people on here (and in Science Olympiad as a whole), including myself, are not Asian. I know SO can be stereotyped that way, but it's certainly not completely true.
I wish I was Asian...
Lols, only 1 person out of the 15 people on our nationals team was not Asian.
"YEAH! DEFY THE STEREOTYPE!
I don't think anybody on my teams (B and C) is Asian. Our town is really small. We would be diverse, but we just aren't.
I knew there were a lot, just wanted to see stereotype defiance."
I'd say half of the people on my middle school team was Asian, but that's a lot considering they made up maybe 1/3 of the Asian population at my old school.
There's about two of us across 2 teams at my school that are not technically asian..
"Heh, my school is 9% Asian (personally, I feel like it's a little lower - maybe around 6%).

My Science Olympiad team last year? 63% Asian. And the year before that? 73%.

Ever since one of our former seniors said during practice, ""Wait...I'm the only white person in the room"", it's become a running joke."
"I sort of have the mind of a stereotypical Asian trapped in the body of a white. I like chess, science, math, Asian food, and anime.

And pacific, the first two rounds were 75 minutes per person. Next three were standard time- 2 hours for the first 40 moves, one hour added on each player's clock on move 41."
Well, sometimes it's not what you think.
"Yes, as KevJumba said, the grades are
A-Average
B-Bad
C-Cruddy(substituting for another word)
D-Death( not sure I heard that right?)
F- well, you might as well just send yourself to boarding school
I (6th grade) am expected to basically get 98 and up on my report cards, with at least 2 one hundreds."
So who/what is KevJumba?
assuming you hare on a device that doesn't just have Scioly, I kindly tell you to LOOK IT UP!
I'm Caucasian and Native American. Wichita has a large number of Vietnamese immigrants; we have quite a few Asians at my school but only two on our team this past year.
Ah, Asian parents and report cards. I feel like my parent's threats, among those of several of my friends, are really quite empty. My parents often say that I'd get severely punished/grounded/etc. if they see even one A-. However, in the 4th quarter of my 8th grade year I got a whopping 2 B's and all they said was, "Ah well, try to get it up next time." So even though Asian parents say that they are hard on grades, they aren't really when it comes down to it. I believe the intimidation and strictness of Asian parents is extremely exaggerated by people, especially Asian kids.
I Got a B, now, it as in 4th grade, but I got no electronics for a month.
Hmm, I've never gotten a B, but I personally don't want a B...partially "maintaining a pristine record" and parental threats, I suppose... (But then again, even a low A is enough for my electronics and books getting confiscated for a while >.<)
I'm Asian, but not the kind you're all probably thinking of.
"Filipino here (so my parents are slightly more relaxed than the stereotypical 'tiger parent' ). Our team is very non-Asian - if I recall correctly, our state team last year had three full Asians (including Indians) and three partial Asians, with the rest white.

Also, The Battle Hymn of the Tiger Mother is really good; I read it last summer and highly recommend it."
"I have finally regained free access to scioly (and the internet in general)! It's good to be back.

I am as white as can be, but my parent is more insane than any I have heard of. However, she is insane in her own, um, special way; she actually doesn't care too much about grades. Then again, I have never gotten a B in a class, only low A's, which didn't used to be a problem, but this last year my school switched its grading policy so that any A under a 93 went on the report card as an A-, and averages in to your GPA as a 3.75 or so, and I got a 92 average in English last year, so good bye 4.0 ."
Your school's team very similar to my team.We have 2 full Asians (Taiwan/ Vietnam) 1 Half-Asian (Korea)
I like how everyone is saying full Asian, partial Asian, and white... We have maybe about 1/3-1/2 Asians on our team.
93 is an A? At my school it is a 97. 93 would be a B+
Our school (jr. High) goes by a 12 point grading system... Can't really explain it, but I like it. I think >92 is an A.
I'm Jewish, so naturally my parents are very good at nagging about grades. It gets very painful...
I have partially blue hair.
Yes, 93 is an A... I have never heard of something more than a 90 being considered a B. Do you know how your high school calculates GPAs? (I don't really care how middle school grading works; I know from experience that it can be very strange)
So, I started summer school at my local community college. I'm taking a Pre-Calc class but it's more like a Algebra II review class, so it's not too hard for me. Literally everyone there was Asian though, I'm not kidding. So when the instructor was relating some concept to setting up the table during Thanksgiving, talking about how you put the knife on one side and the forks on the other, some kid shouted out, "We don't celebrate Thanksgiving. Also we just use chopsticks." >.> then some guy made it even worse by saying "ASIANS FTW!!!!!".
"e_e. Sometimes these kids that are obsessed with Asians scare me. Seriously; they only thing that they talk about is Asians, and it gets annoying.
liutony66 wrote:
So who/what is KevJumba?
In short, he's a guy that makes videos on youtube; most of them are about Asian stereotypes.

You should see this: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/KevJumba

I find Kevin's videos hillarious, because in a weird way, they apply to me. xD."
"Extremely racist Phineas and Ferb episode:
Candace: Phineas! Villagers are chasing me
Phineas: Candace I think they prefer ""marathoners"" and marathoners don't chase anyone, except, maybe 3 Kenyan guys."
"...our team is basically all asian...
We had only 1 non-asian person on our entire team this year...
SciOly isn't a big deal at our school, and I think it has become kind of an ""asian magnet"" here
especially for the handful of people at our school who are probably only doing it to put on their college apps
We're trying to get more people interested this year so hopefully there'll be more diversity...how ironic.

(i'm asian myself though...derp .__.)"
This is because Camas high school is 85.7% white, only 6.6% Asian
Yet I feel like there are so many more...
"Stats for East Stroudsburg South:
White: 62.9%
Black: 17.6%
Hispanic: 17.1%
Asian: 2.3%

I think we're less Asian than everyone here.

East Stroudsburg North is a lot more diverse than us; they have 2.7% Asian. And 43.9% White."
"Since I'm in the highest program my district has to offer (PI+), I'm around quite a few Asians. There were 45 people in my grade in PI+ at the end of last year (2 dropped out), and 30 were at least partially Asian (including Indian).*

*Does not include Russians.

There is a much smaller percentage of Asians in the entire school."
I think I may win... In the entire time I've gone to my school, there were two Asians. That is it. And they've both graduated. So we are currently at zero.
"From Wiki on my school's page:

Demographics
As of the 2005-2006 school year, 75% of the students were Asian American (primarily Chinese but with a burgeoning Indian population), 20% were European American, and 5% were other races.[13]

Now it's probably 85%, with 10% European."
Currently, I can only think of about 3 Asians. There are more, but not many.
Let's see for Middle School we had 6 asians, for JHS we had 9 asians and two trial asians
What's the difference between Middle School and Junior High School? Sorry if this is an obvious occurrence.
"Not.
This.
Thing.
AGAIN.
We argued about this for weeks last year, and then more during other times. I am NOT going into this again. Go, go read this: http://www.scioly.org/phpBB3/viewtopic.php?f=4&t=2903&"
"I woudn't really consider that an arguement, but rather a discussion.
Basically, Middle Schools are usually 6-8 while Junior Highs are 7-8. But it's kind of like streams vs. rivers in Dynamic Planet; they can be used interchangeably although some prefer to use one term over the other in certain instances."
Actually I think I win, the only Asians at my school were exchange students so we really haven't had an asians that I can think of.
"I'M BAAAAACK!
(Everybody hides)"
There were arguments on chat. Lots and lots of them. And lots of confusion too. I'm very tired of it.
"Well, my school has managed to completely kill my schedule. I signed up for Calc BC and got AB. And two big holes of nothingness where 6th hour and first hour go. Yay.
And just to annoy foreverphysics a little more, around here, a middle school is 6-8, and a junior high is 7-9."
You guys remember Game of Nerds? I'm hooked on it again
"Did you ever look at your posts and think, ""Oh my gos, I wrote that?""
Yeah, I just had that happen."
Heh, I haven't touched that thing in almost a year now... >.<
Hello, guest who is looking at this forum!
"HIMYM best fact
Ted: what are the five words Robin has wanted to hear most from her father
Barney: I'm proud of you eh. ( she's Canadian)"
"Scariest movie of the year:
THE OOGIELOVES
(Dies)"
"Ugh, scheduling...I THOUGHT I had sorted everything out with the counseling office at the end of the year, but then they called me again a week or so ago saying they needed me to sort my schedule out for next year...since then I've emailed them (no response) and I've called them at least 3 times (voicemail), so I'm finally giving up and going in to meet with them next week.

The way it is now, I think my physics lab conflicts with Calc BC...and yet I have a double study hall most days.

Edit: In other news, AP Lang summer work? What AP Lang summer work? Ohh, that AP Lang summer work...that I haven't done yet. >.>"
Eh, I had that exact same scheduling problem last year TheGenius. You'll be glad to be taking AB by the end of the year >.> Also, band?
"And the first world problems are back.

I too just recieved a call a week ago saying my schedule is a mess...fortunately, the only conflict between important classes is between chem lab and wind ensemble, and the wind ensemble instructor is fine with you missing one class a cycle because he really doesn't want you to stop doing band. However, I probably will end up loosing several electives, and having free periods really annoys me.

And as for AP lang work...bleh, mandated non-fiction reading."
...I have no idea which classes I'll be taking. Huzzah? (I'll have a required writing course as well as a seminar-esque course, but beyond that I'm not sure. I'll probably take the Multi/LinAlg/DifEq sequence as well as the advanced physics sequence... meh. I'll pick my classes between September 18th and the 24th. )
"I think I must be lucky or something. I got the exact schedule I was hoping for. On A days, I TA for the calc teacher; then, I have AP Calc BC with him the next block. I'm going to be in that room for over three hours every other day. O_o At least we get along well.

On another note, I'm rejoicing that I have a different teacher for AP Chem."
"Heh. Heh.
...
I need more coins; and I already made 2 other accounts. ;_;"
You can submit questions for three coins each (They just resumed this practice)
Wait... Counslors are calling you guys about schedule conflicts? You have no idea how lucky you are... My counslors just put us in whatever classes they feel like when there're schedule conflicts. My freshman year I had to go down to the principal(school of 3,500-4,000 students) and have her walk to a counslors office and tell them to fix my schedule. We have 7 period days as schedules don't change day to day, so one year(8th grade), I was stuck without a first period for one semester(the other semester I was in geometry, a year long course), French 2(despite never taking French 1), and no English class(english level defines what grade you're in over here). That was fun.
"Seriously? :O
Woah, you're right; I guess they added it in recently. :3

- goes to submit multiple questions under internet -"
"Oh, this will be fun.

*laughs evilly as she adds astronomy and chem questions*"
Yey, time to get that silver medal. Now in Game of Nerds . Also if you want to friend me I'm mnstrviola on GON, I deleted all my old friends from scioly a while ago.
"I have spent a large portion of the last 24 hours trawling through the internet trying to find small bits of lost data in order to fill out all of my high school's ""results history"" chart on the wiki. It is actually quite interesting, because, while it isn't exactly ancient history, all of the kids who particpated in scioly at my school and got those results all those years ago are now long gone, which is cool to think about.

Anyway, that is my random comment for the day. Goodbye."
You guys can friend me too. :3. I'm also Aim4me26 there.
"Sometimes I feel like posting to spambots: We already have a forum like this: Your Daily Random Comment.
Of course, I'd probably get in trouble for that."
"What? It's Monday? :O

Bwahaha; I have 91 coins now. I'll beat your score yet, Mnstrviola!
...
tee hee"
Oh right... Game of Nerds. That existed. Maybe I'll give it a go sometime, but for now I'm overindulging in Carl Sagan's works. I'm working my way through Cosmos (the TV show) and his book A Demon-Haunted World (which I started a long time ago, but then I got distracted - the part I've finished I really enjoyed though).
You know someone hates you when, two years in a row, he assigns you a number exactly one less than a multiple of 42.
I still need to complete The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time. I started it two years ago but I kept procrastinating Ganon's castle because it's so intimidating I hate those slime tube things, and especially ReDeads.
"Sometimes I look at new user's files, and it's really funny to see the spambot's files.
Once I saw this:
Occupation: Forklift attachments (Me: Okay, that's normal.)
Intrests: Forklift attachments (Me: Either A- you are a spambot, or B- you need to get out more. I'm going with A.)"
"I'm back in the US! Reverse culture shock sucks to no end though. Everything here is in English and the streets are so big

As a side note, you think security sucks now? I hate it with every ounce of my being after being in Japan where you A) don't take off your shoes and, B) can take liquids bigger than 3 oz and food through security."
My sig change rules.
"Heh, airport security. Security theatre, more like. >.>

""Oh, no we won't let you take anything bigger than 100 mL through security, but we'll let you take multiple 100 mL containers.""

...but doesn't that defeat the purpose? A litre is slightly more than a quart (which is the size of the bag you're supposed to put all your liquids and gels and crap in), and we'll assume less than 100% packing efficiency. Even so, I could probably squish 700 mL worth of stuff into a 1-quart plastic bag. If the TSA was really worried about the quantity of stuff passengers bring on planes, wouldn't it make more sense to limit the total amount - say, limiting travellers to as much liquids/gels as will fit in a 1-quart plastic bag, regardless of individual container volume?

""No bringing water past the security checkpoint.""

...but why? Can't they just put it through the x-ray scanner with all of my other crap? (Concerns about x-ray irradiation are likely unfounded, as the same kind of machines are used in some schools to screen students' belongings.) So either put my water through the scanner, determine that it's perfectly harmless dihydrogen monoxide and return it to me...or if it's something actually dangerous, confiscate it like you're supposed to do with dangerous items.

Also: http://xkcd.com/651/

""Hey, you have to take off your shoes. And your jacket.""

...but again, WHY? Is there really anything I can hide in my shoes that I cannot hide elsewhere on my person? Is there really anything I can hide under a jacket that I wouldn't be able to hide under a sweater or something? I foresee the day where they make us all fly sans clothes...

</rant>

If you can't tell, I'm a little jaded by my recent trips through both domestic and foreign airports."
Ah, airport security. Paranoid people at their finest.
Yeah, I only mentioned it after spending so long in various airports these past few days. And I have to fly again on Friday for a college visit/hiking Customs yesterday was a pain because of the long lines, and I feel bad for one of my friends who wrote his form in pencil and the officer sent him all the way to the back just to write it in pen again. He only barely made it to our gate in time.
Thats why I don't fly.well actually it is cost but whatever
Not paranoid, as obviously attacks do occur, just...futile. It would, for example, be an incredibly easy task to create a minor hydrogen explosive without any preperation or research.
"True. I still think they are kinda paranoid.
CHOCOLATE WITH NUTS IS ON!
Ah... I love the ""I love you"" scene."
"Airport security... Security? I thought they were just there for anoyance, oh, and to make sure we couldn't complain about it in the airport... At least at IAH, they run a loop over the PA system about how you can be arrested for making comments about how if they hear you making snide comments about the TSA they can arrest you... I really want them to arrest me and them go up to the judge and explain the right to peaceful protest... Worse yet, they aren't consistent... In Houston we have to run through the body scanners and all, but in Bozeman MT, all we have to do is walk through a metal detector...

Sorry of that's overly soapboxy... I just get frustrated"
"But... it's not that hard. You keep your liquids at the top of your bag, take off and put on your shoes quickly (I always wear tennis shoes, but I rarely if ever tie/untie them - I just slip them on and off ), take off your jacket, take your computer out of your bag, and... it's not hard. I don't see why people complain about it. It's not much of an inconvenience.

EDIT: It's not much of an inconvenience if you know what you're doing. If it's your first time traveling, then... you should have looked up the rules. Sorry, I'm not very sympathetic because all of the guidelines are open to the public and you can look them up any time. Also, I really like traveling/flying"
Yeah, it's just imo after going through it a few times, Japanese security is nicer and much less complicated. But to each their own, I guess. I'm not saying I don't like travelling or anything...
"Nah, I've been through airport security enough times to know the routine (we travel by air relatively often, I guess). And yeah, I'll agree it's not that much of an inconvenience, but ahhhhhhh the logical fallacies are everywhere...

And as for customs, when I came back to the States, there was basically an advertisement for the USA playing on the screens...I found it quite funny, but I was pretty sleep-deprived at that point. And heh, the 10-year-old kid in front of me was complaining about customs and security too...which I also found funny in a sleep-deprived way."
"Yeah, after seeing the rigor of the US's security line... those of other countries are really easy in comparison.
AlphaTauri wrote:
And as for customs, when I came back to the States, there was basically an advertisement for the USA playing on the screens...I found it quite funny, but I was pretty sleep-deprived at that point. And heh, the 10-year-old kid in front of me was complaining about customs and security too...which I also found funny in a sleep-deprived way.
Ah, customs... I was once directed to the wrong line at customs, tried to go back to the right line, and was stopped by a customs officer. By the time I got it sorted out, I had lost my group and had to find the gate/terminal by myself. It was fun."
"I got a fedora today at the store.
Hey, it's random.
Congratulations, twototwenty!"
"Oh, band camp.
Why dost thou make me suffer so?"
I thought you played the violin and the piano?
I also play flute. You thought you knew all my musical talents? Hah!
Well... well... well... I also can play the guitar! Ha! Then again, it's only an e minor chord and the first 8 notes of "The Saltwater Room"... but' it's a start
"Oh, I notice your location is a reference to Cave In, eh?
I have great mental knowledge of Owl City."
"Yup. I find that almost all the music I listen to revolves around Owl City...
Coldplay is electronic, and features lyrics similar to those of Owl City
Lights has done songs with and toured with Owl City
Switchfoot had a song remixed by Owl City
Not to mention the fact that my Pandora Radio Station was simply ""Owl City"". I need to find new music. I'm also worried about the next album..."
I am greatly disappointed in Owl City; therefore, I have taken to Linkin Park. The only band that has not yet disappointed me.
I do not comprehend this. How does "suffer" relate to "band camp" in any imaginable way?
"...Because it's hot, humid, and six hours of marching outside on asphalt? Oh, and I'm surrounded by stupidly high, out-of-tune, screeching piccolos.
You really need to ask?
Oh wait, I forgot, you're from North Olathe. You guys have some sort of insane obsession with band. Nevermind."
"Ah. The funny thing is as we post, I'm working on remixing On The Wing for piano

Linkin Park? The first thing that comes to mind is Burn it Down. Not a bad song, especially after listening to stuff like:
LET'S GO TO THE BEACH! BEACH! LET'S GO GET AWAY! SAY! SAY! ...etc.
EDIT: I think the high school I'm going to is also obsessed with band, they go to London every year. Sadly, their orchestra is not as awesome (but still pretty good)
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wov51zkQtPI"
I'm going to have to back forever on this one... Especially in Houston where it reaches 105 or so with the heat index... And I have 55 lbs of quads strapped to me... And the crazy trumpets, are all trumpet sections crazy? Our trumpet freshman play pranks like you wouldn't believe...
The countdown is on! 26 days until my birthday!
Why do so many of us here on scioly play in band? What is the correlation? According to the nerd stereotype, we would all be violinists. Ich verstehe es nicht.
I'm not in band. Nor do I play violin. But, I would like to try either one.
Oh this website maybe, there may be a higher percentage of those in band, but at my school, at least 75% of our team is in orchestra
Sorry to bring this topic back up, but it seems like in several ways, people could of have brought explosives onto a plane. I never got anything more than a metal detector that couldn't detect the metal belt buckle I had on.
I think once, we had to get our suitcases checked because I had a Snow White doll in my suitcase. I don't remember, it was a long time ago.
I'm so glad I quit band three years ago
"With the airport security... You don't need to bring a bomb on, but I can think of a thousand things that are liquids that could do damage in 100-300mL increments... Just saying, I would never try that... Not that I have access to said liquids now

Now, only 2 out of 30 people on our team are in band... Me, and the kid I do all my events with...

So we just got back from two hours of marching(I play quads/tenors) around a running track... I think we walked around 6 times with drums and once without(at about 170) and I did just fine! (first year, give me a break ) pretty happy right now..."
Has anyone read the Virals series? I've just finished the first book, after I saw it at my library yesterday. (I read books way too fast)
30 days until my 13th birthday! I STILL can't decide on what I want to do.
I finished part one of my The Giver syllabus, and I am so glad that I did.
"tuftedtitmouse12 wrote:
Oh this website maybe, there may be a higher percentage of those in band, but at my school, at least 75% of our team is in orchestra
I am a stereotypical violinist. I'll probably be our school's concertmaster next year...not exactly looking forward to it, since I'm kinda paranoid about the whole potential tripping-and-falling-off-the-stage-at-a-concert part (which is totally not an irrational fear since the concertmaster at a PMEA festival a couple years ago really did fall off the stage - no worries, both person and instrument were fine).

I play mallets in marching band simply because I wanted to try my hand at something other than strings and I figured that I'd be able to pick up mallets the easiest because it's sorta similar to piano, which I used to play (rather badly, but whatever)."
Eh, this year it has been in the triple digits, and yes, it is hot and humid and nobody likes hot and humid, but in my days in band I've learned that complaining will just make everything seem that much worse ("It's the hottest day ever" will make it actually feel like the hottest day ever). So I look on the positive side of things, such as how cool everything will look and sound when it's all together.
I dunno. Isn't playing a musical instrument (band/orchestra) typically associated with increased academic skills, thus us nerd types? I'm honestly not that surprised by the correlation, if one exists.
"Yeah there's a bunch of studies out there that say learning music makes the mind develop and stuff like that...

On a side note, has anyone heard of this game?
http://www.playtheend.com"
"2000lby wrote:
Yeah there's a bunch of studies out there that say learning music makes the mind develop and stuff like that...
Yup. Every year before our marching band's final performance, they show a bunch of statistics about music and intelligence/learning on the big screen they use to show close-ups of competitors. Hardly a reliable source, but I'm sure they didn't just make it up

Also... ah, band camp. My school's marching band is there right now. I'm just kicking back, relaxing, and not getting sunburnt. (Granted, I only went to band camp once, but I was not a fan of the sunburn and mosquitoes. I even have a scar on my left shin from band camp. Granted, I got it from walking into a flowerbox, but... still."
"Sorry for being late to everyone's GON friend requests. I just remembered them.

Dang East, 2210? that's very close to getting on the top 100 :O"
I just had one of those dreams that had so many things happen, yesterday doesn't seem like yesterday.
Doesn't mallet playing help out in Sounds of Music?
Less than you might imagine... Really. The music for that isn't hard, and playing doesn't help you learn how to build the thing... I've been playing marimba/drums for going on 6 years now and I hate sounds of music
I used to be in the 3000s. It's helpful when everything is fully upgraded.
I got my peltier device in today! It serves no purpose for me... but it's just plain awesome
"For the record, I play violin as well.
Also, in relation to my violin, it seems that the only reason people talk to me in band anymore is to congratulate me on my violin playing (the exception being that one kid who actually talks to me on a regular basis). Wtf, violins aren't even in band.

And as for the heat...a few people had panic attacks because they thought they had heat stroke or something."
"All but a few people on my team are in band, and all 3 of our drum majors this year do sci oly. However, I think band camp is making us dumber, living in new Mexico where anything under 110 degrees is a cool day, and we march outside for 8 hours a day. Every day we lose more and more brain cells.
Also, all the music people on our team are percussion, wind, or brass, because our school isn't fancy enough to have an orchestra."
Woah, 3000. Do you use celebrity nerds? How many resurrections do you get when you upgrade? :3
I WANNA GO SOMEWHERE ALREADY!!! Staying home is getting boring, and my siblings are being mean, annoying, and moody. This is why I hate summer break!
I only really use Einstein. I find scioly friends are as helpful, if not more, and they're cheaper too.
Let's break the scioly record of 156 users on at one time! Are you with me? (Unless, of course, it's bad for the site...)
"Completely seconded... at least I'm going on vacation next week! Also, school probably starts for me after you - I leave for school September 15th.
Cedavis6 wrote:
Let's brek the scioly record of 156 users on at one time!
I love breking things, especially records."
Typos are so embarassing...
It's funny because that's not how you spell 'embarrassing'.
A good test for figuring out exactly how sick you are of summer break: how fast, after being asked, can you state the days left until school starts. (31 - ~1.5 seconds)
20. Do I win a prize?
Yeah, sure: your prize is that you get to go back to school 11 days earlier than I do.
Ain't I just so lucky.
11 days till I have school; I guess I win...
Same with me... HEY WHAT HAPPENED TO SUMMER?!?!?!
"I must have been delirious from having so much fun." Calvin and Hobbes
You guys are crazy - my first day of class is October 1st
/highfive for late class starts - first day of class for me is September 24th, despite my early departure.
Kids should not be listening to the band that sings Party Rock Anthem. (I know their name, I refuse to post it.)
Why not? Tom Daley and the British diving squad did a good cover.
Seconded. That song did, after all, lead to the greatest thing on the entire internet.
Actually, I win. :3. School starts in 9 days for me.
"No, the band is so inappropriate, I mean look at their name! Kids should not listen to a band whose name has two swear words in it...
I'm kind of shocked that this band was nominated for best band in KCA 2012. Not something a 5 year old should hear. My little sister says girls in her school (a lower elementary school) say I'm hot and I know it all the time. (I know that's not the real name of the song,but I will not use the actual name.)"
"Ok.
But compared to many other bands, LMFAO is not very inappropriate. Just look at The Lonely Island or pretty much any hardcore rap or party songs. And besides Party Rock Anthem, for which they won at KCA, is not a dirty song at all."
"Umm... Are you kidding? Have you ever looked up the lyrics for party rock anthem? We did for a physics video project last year, it's pretty inappropriate...

But maybe that's just a different definition of what we think of as inappropriate..."
"I appreciate LMFAO for one reason, at least:

http://xkcd.com/1009/"
"What exactly are you defining as ""kids""? Sure, elementary school kids probably should be shielded from this stuff, but that's up to their parents to judge. It's not the band's fault that they're exposed to kids. If everything was toned down because they're ""inappropriate for kids"", there would be little diversity. Sure, the song has lewd lyrics, but for the song's intended audience, it's not inappropriate.

I would say that, for high school at least, the song is more ""racy"" than ""inappropriate""."
And that's why you have parodies like this.
"Defining kids as elementary schoolers. Otherwise I would have said teens.
I'm not saying it should be toned down, I'm just shocked. It's advertised so much towards kids.
I knew somebody would post something like this. I know some parents are gonna let their kids listen to this, but it doesn't change their appropriateness."
To be honest, I think the song has a quality that really makes it so that only mature kids see the true meaning. For example: The line "Shake That" may just mean dancing for a kid, but may mean something more... inappropriate for a teen. Also the they might not know the meanings for several words or terms like hoes (farming tools), or other lyrics.
"Well, there are other songs by them, too. There's a song about Miami, and there's a swear word in the title.
CHANGING THE SUBJECT:
WHY DIDN'T YOU GUYS TELL ME THERE WAS A ROVER GOING TO MARS?! ( Kidding.) My mom told me about it, and she was shocked when I said nobody mentioned it.
Also, isnt it ironic that McDonalds and Coke sponsor the Olympics?"
"Coke is always a sponsor, so I don't see it as ironic... Now McDonalds? I really don't understand that... To my knowledge they aren't providing any food to the games, and I don't know of any athelete that would eat their... Stuff that they claim is food...

Now you know what's sad? The fact that the Olympics, that probably doesn't need a sponsor if they wanted to sell advertising on stadiums, can get a sponsor when, even after all the talk about STEM education and support, my schools SO team can't even spend $200 on a new box(it stores EVERYTHING we take to contests for the team(not builds or binders), and take 3-4 guys to load it in a bus) to replace the old one that's going to fall apart soon because we don't have $200. If coke needs someone to sponsor, how about schools/groups that actually need it...

(if there is any kind of program like that, please share )"
"I like the one where the guy is drinking the smoothie with the girl olympic athlete.
It's very ""healthy"" kids! Drink this every day and you can become a swimmer like Micheal Phelps!"
Not defending McDonalds or anything, but on the day that Usain Bolt broke the record in the 100m in 2008 all he ate were chicken nuggets
"About the music stuff... there's a lot more songs with bad or suggestive lyrics or references. We Run the Night by Pitbull ft. I think Sia (not sure on these names) and Starships by Nicki Minji are two songs off the top of my head that contain lyrics that are inappropriate for children. Heck, even Taylor Swift has cussed in one if her songs. Music nowadays really reflects societies' evolving acceptance of mature content. 11 year olds are playing COD, little siblings know how to cuss, and the internet is helping all of this progress even further by opening the door to a wide range of content previously inaccecable to children. What may have been considered taboo or unnacceptable before may now not be uncommon to a normal person.

I'm not sure if I'm allowed to delve into this further, but this is something I feel strongly about: censorship. Teens around the US are against censorship and bills like SOPA for all the wrong reasons. And it's hard to argue with Youtube sensations like NigaHiga doing a whole video on how censorship is so wrong for our children. Personally even I don't know how to respond to this growth of younger maturity... but I felt like posting to see how others feel abou this. Also this took quite a bit from my phone; I want my computer"
"About censorship:
We should choose whether we want our internet censored. It should be like a feature. Parental controls- without the passwords."
Double post, but too bad. For those who are mad at McDonalds for being a big, bad company that is stealing money from small businesses, keep in mind that it's a franchise: most McDonalds are owned by an individual who is just as local as any other business; they just use McDonalds' name.When they advertise and promote McDonalds, it benefits each of the individual McDonald owners which in turn from tax benefits the community. Also I love Chicken Nuggets and $1 drinks and yogurt.
"When I was a toddler, I found joy in saying the f-word. I once spelled it directly to my mother's face. And at my old daycare, I sometimes said funk instead of you know what, and my friend repeated funk, so I assumed it was okay for a while.

Oh and SANTA IS AN OBESE PEDOPHILE!!!!"
I don't hate Mcdonalds. I think it's ironic that they support the Olympics, serviny considerably unhealthy food. I like their ice cream sundaes.
I love this thread. So much fun to watch.
I don't hate McDonalds for being a big company... I just don't like their food...
I agree with you that it's sad that many people were against SOPA and PIPA becaus they personally wanted to continue to pirate stuff. I was against SOPA and PIPA becuase it was too severe in its attempts to stop piracy and would end up censoring the Internet, not to mention trying to privatize it. But ultimately trying to control internet use is very difficult and complicated. Anyone with the know-how will be able to get around any kind of limits set by the government or others and with little chance of being caught. Really the only way to truly stop a majority of piracy is to have a large shift in our societal values. People need to understand that they must pay for a product and not want everything to be free.
"I accidentally found a way to read a Wikipedia article when it was censored... (Not posting it)
I like How the States got their shapres."
Oops, double post.
"I believe we had a whole conversation on this in IRC XD.

Also I agree harryk. One of my friends had discussed how SOPA was going to ""censor the whole internet"", but all he had to support himself were youtube comments >.>"
YouTube comments... There's something that should be censored...
How does a rollercoaster have to do with the shape of Texas? Very interesting...
"When I was a toddler, I found joy in saying the f-word. I once spelled it directly to my mother's face. And at my old daycare, I sometimes said funk instead of you know what, and my friend repeated funk, so I assumed it was okay for a while.

Oh and SANTA IS AN OBESE PEDOPHILE!!!!"
I don't hate Mcdonalds. I think it's ironic that they support the Olympics, serviny considerably unhealthy food. I like their ice cream sundaes.
I love this thread. So much fun to watch.
I don't hate McDonalds for being a big company... I just don't like their food...
I agree with you that it's sad that many people were against SOPA and PIPA becaus they personally wanted to continue to pirate stuff. I was against SOPA and PIPA becuase it was too severe in its attempts to stop piracy and would end up censoring the Internet, not to mention trying to privatize it. But ultimately trying to control internet use is very difficult and complicated. Anyone with the know-how will be able to get around any kind of limits set by the government or others and with little chance of being caught. Really the only way to truly stop a majority of piracy is to have a large shift in our societal values. People need to understand that they must pay for a product and not want everything to be free.
"I accidentally found a way to read a Wikipedia article when it was censored... (Not posting it)
I like How the States got their shapres."
Oops, double post.
"I believe we had a whole conversation on this in IRC XD.

Also I agree harryk. One of my friends had discussed how SOPA was going to ""censor the whole internet"", but all he had to support himself were youtube comments >.>"
YouTube comments... There's something that should be censored...
How does a rollercoaster have to do with the shape of Texas? Very interesting...
Texas is just that awesome
You can certainly ask for money from Coke.
"A WILD, CATCHY KOREAN SONG APPEARED!
QUIZ USED LISTEN!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9bZkp7q19f0"
"iwonder realizes its KPOP!

iwonder uses run for the hills!"
"Cedavis6 realizes it's Youtube!
Cedavis6 is reminded of a traumatic memory!"
"KPOP uses sing!
quizbowl, iwonder, Cedavis and mnstrviola all fall asleep!
quizbowl, iwonder, Cedavis and mnstrviola are asleep."
"Littleboy says goodnight to quizbowl, iwonder, Cedavis and mnstrviola!
Littleboy goes to sleep!
Goodnight"
"It's been so long since I've come on here...

It's not sad at all. Compare the number of people watching the Olympics to the people that care whether or not Coke sponsors a SciOly team. Sponsoring the Olympics isn't charity, it's advertising power; they make their brand known to an even larger market. It's estimated that a billion people watch the Olympics; if .0001% of that number of people know or care who sponsors your SciOly team, I'll be pretty surprised.

And in defense of McDonald's sponsoring the Olympics, I wouldn't be surprised if sprinters and such ate McDonald's on racedays as calorie-loading; it just certainly isn't part of their training diet."
I'm actually quite certain their diet consists of only chicken nuggets and supersized chocolate milkshakes.
"There is nothing more exciting than sitting in an auditorium on Cornell campus that is packed to the gills with people, screaming and cheering as the live broadcast of the Mars Science Laboratory makes its landing. Some of the scientists were there talking about it and the future of NASA, doing a Q&A, and then... wow. Seriously amazing. That was such a Rube Goldberg-esque landing device, I wasn't sure if it would succeed and usher in a new era of ways to land heavy payloads, or fail spectacularly. Seriously glad it was the former.
Gotta love being able to continue our family tradition of being at parties for space landings, in place since my grandfather, who helped design the lunar lander for the Apollo missions.
EDIT: Well, I suppose there are a few things more exciting, but that had to rank way up there XD"
Anyone else tempted to comment on every non-Curiosity Facebook post, "You fool, NASA did amazing things last night and all you can do is post 'Chillin'. Txt me :)'!?"
Facebook?
Now I wish I had a Facebook!
"+1
And then when you get back home at 4 AM and immediately post NASA's early pictures on Facebook along with a fangirl-esque ramble... and have a few friends who comment, ""They sent another rover up? When did this happen?"" And you just weep for humanity."
trololololololol I love YDRC
*High fives*
Today was my first day volunteering at the little kids' Star Wars themed Lego camp. Definitely a morning well spent
Lego is amazing.
If you a carbon-based life form put yo' hands up!
Um, whatever for?
"I was looking at the FAQs, and I saw this:
Help, my language is not on the list!
Don't we just have one language on the list? (English- British, I believe.)"
So now you have to provide a photo of yourself when you register for the SAT
"Best Spongebob moment ever:
(From Chocolate with Nuts)
Spongebob: Remember, Patrick, flatter the customer.
*Customer opens door*
Patrick: I love you.
*Customer slams door*"
"my reaction upon realizing I only had my school ID to show the proctors on the day of my bio SAT2
oh dear god why must you bring up the terrible past/looks/everything of 8th grade once again"
Patrick isn't very successful with selling things like the time he worked at the Krusty Krab.
"However, he became rich in this episode.
More scenes:
Patrick: He said we were mediocre.
Spongebob: Right. He made us feel special.

Patrick: It will keep your face from getting any uglier!
Lookalike: Just in time!"
"It's bad enough that I was the only one in my house that had any knowledge of the Mars rover before today, but my sister just asked me after hearing about it on the news ""Wait, is this the first Mars rover?""

T'was a moment deserving of infinite facepalms."
Hey guys, guess what was dropped on Hiroshima 67 years ago? That's right, me.
Soooft kitty warm kitty little ball of fur.... someone has to know what I'm talking about
"Happy kitty, sleepy kitty, purr, purr, purr!
=^0.0^=
Do you ever watch Big Bang Theory (especially the early ones) and feel like you are looking into your future?"
"I was looking at the FAQs, and I saw this:
Help, my language is not on the list!
Don't we just have one language on the list? (English- British, I believe.)"
So now you have to provide a photo of yourself when you register for the SAT
"Best Spongebob moment ever:
(From Chocolate with Nuts)
Spongebob: Remember, Patrick, flatter the customer.
*Customer opens door*
Patrick: I love you.
*Customer slams door*"
"my reaction upon realizing I only had my school ID to show the proctors on the day of my bio SAT2
oh dear god why must you bring up the terrible past/looks/everything of 8th grade once again"
Patrick isn't very successful with selling things like the time he worked at the Krusty Krab.
"However, he became rich in this episode.
More scenes:
Patrick: He said we were mediocre.
Spongebob: Right. He made us feel special.

Patrick: It will keep your face from getting any uglier!
Lookalike: Just in time!"
"It's bad enough that I was the only one in my house that had any knowledge of the Mars rover before today, but my sister just asked me after hearing about it on the news ""Wait, is this the first Mars rover?""

T'was a moment deserving of infinite facepalms."
Hey guys, guess what was dropped on Hiroshima 67 years ago? That's right, me.
Soooft kitty warm kitty little ball of fur.... someone has to know what I'm talking about
"Happy kitty, sleepy kitty, purr, purr, purr!
=^0.0^=
Do you ever watch Big Bang Theory (especially the early ones) and feel like you are looking into your future?"
"I was looking at the FAQs, and I saw this:
Help, my language is not on the list!
Don't we just have one language on the list? (English- British, I believe.)"
So now you have to provide a photo of yourself when you register for the SAT
"Best Spongebob moment ever:
(From Chocolate with Nuts)
Spongebob: Remember, Patrick, flatter the customer.
*Customer opens door*
Patrick: I love you.
*Customer slams door*"
"my reaction upon realizing I only had my school ID to show the proctors on the day of my bio SAT2
oh dear god why must you bring up the terrible past/looks/everything of 8th grade once again"
Patrick isn't very successful with selling things like the time he worked at the Krusty Krab.
"However, he became rich in this episode.
More scenes:
Patrick: He said we were mediocre.
Spongebob: Right. He made us feel special.

Patrick: It will keep your face from getting any uglier!
Lookalike: Just in time!"
"It's bad enough that I was the only one in my house that had any knowledge of the Mars rover before today, but my sister just asked me after hearing about it on the news ""Wait, is this the first Mars rover?""

T'was a moment deserving of infinite facepalms."
Hey guys, guess what was dropped on Hiroshima 67 years ago? That's right, me.
Soooft kitty warm kitty little ball of fur.... someone has to know what I'm talking about
"Happy kitty, sleepy kitty, purr, purr, purr!
=^0.0^=
Do you ever watch Big Bang Theory (especially the early ones) and feel like you are looking into your future?"
Omg, ashamed to admit, but it's one of the highlights of my week...aka, pretty much the only thing I watch on TV, besides the Olympics XD
Can't wait until season 6!
"What are you guys talking about?

I would like to see a prequel to The Giver about how the society came to be, and about the Giver's training as a Reciever."
The Awkward Moment When you have no idea what they're talking about.
There's a game for that.
"This might bring you up to date. Or it could make you more confused http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lqSmzGj_sQc
And watch this just for fun http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kov2G0GouBw"
What time zone is Washington D.C. in?
Here you go
Well, now I feel like an idiot.
I don't watch Big Bang Theory that much, but when I do... xD.
It's funny... Everyone calls me Sheldon, yet I've never seen an episode...
Haha ^that could either be an amazing compliment or an amazing insult!
"Yeah... I take it as a compliment
The sad part is that Friends at school started calling me that, and at a completely independent event people at my church(none of which know me at school) started calling me that...

Oh, did I ver mention how happy I am to have scioly as a method to procrastinate more on my summer reading?"
I miss old Spongebob episodes with messages that can't be found in most other kids shows. (Like Squirrel Jokes teaching against racist jokes.)
I guess the team that decides the theme thought that kids were more into the stupid things than the smart things.
I like the old ones best. There are some good new ones (The toy store one, Roller Cowards, Nightlight until Mermaid Man and Barnacle Boy got involved) but the old ones are generally more funny.
One of my teachers forbids his young child to watch Spongebob.
"The beach is nice
and yes I am still here, I know you all miss me!"
"Being constantly told to play louder, check.
Drinking excessive amounts of water, check.
Terrible tans/sunburn, even with liberal amounts of sunscreen, check.
Chasing after music on a breezy day, check.
Splinters from keys/mallet shafts, check.
Dropping, throwing, and/or otherwise losing mallets during a switch, check. I still want to see someone ditch extra mallets by tossing them over their shoulders...
Lifting heavy instruments and then attempting to get across the street to the field without being run over, check.
Nearly running into things with the equipment cart (and nearly getting run over by it), check.

Ah, band camp...

Edit: To add to the band camp madness, today EVERYONE had to do a bit of marching for a relay race thing...apparently I march ""pretty well for someone who learned how to march about five seconds ago""."
"Wait, what keys are giving you splinters?

Also, I finally stated summer homework today:
APUSH Outlining: 1/12 complete
Lang/Comp reading: 14/700 complete

Ah, progress."
"Today, our chlidren's pastor surveyed about 60 kids on Bible stories about water.
The kids came up with 23. That's impressive."
How about throwing up from tracking for almost 2 miles with quads on playing exercises? Or playing for the first time ever with the band and hearing the director tell you it's to loud on the first rep? Oh, and do you not just hang mallet bags from the keyboard? Because all you would have to do is shove the mallets in the pockets... We've done mallet changes in about 2.5 beats at 150
"WAIT YOU'RE IN PIT?

Had my first band rehearsal of the summer Monday, after everyone else had rehearsed for over a month AND been to band camp... oh the wonders of research camps =.=

Also memories of last year when me and my section leader (now graduated) got screamed at after state finals because we were blasting with huge projection and the turf at state finals absorbed all the sound so we didn't hear how loud we were playing, but then on video you could hear us over the entire band at one point and it was really bad."
I have a user page!
We all do!
No, on the wiki!
"Littleboy wrote:
We all do!"
I have an article about myself in the user page category.
+1
"The xylophone is quite old and beat up, and I have (had >.>) a bad habit of leaning on the keys...also the crappy glock/crotales mallets give you rather painful fiberglass splinters.
iwonder wrote:
How about throwing up from tracking for almost 2 miles with quads on playing exercises? Or playing for the first time ever with the band and hearing the director tell you it's to loud on the first rep? Oh, and do you not just hang mallet bags from the keyboard? Because all you would have to do is shove the mallets in the pockets... We've done mallet changes in about 2.5 beats at 150
We haven't had anyone throw up, but we have had a couple people nearly pass out (according to our band director, it was probably one of the hottest band camps ever). And yeah, it's not really the ditching of the mallets, it's the switches - I have to switch in <4 beats at 160 and I usually end up throwing the first pair at the nearest music stand/keyboard I don't intend to throw them, it's just that they end up flying because I have to ditch them so fast so I can pick up the second pair, although our assistant section coach eventually told me to just pick up the second pair and do the cymbal roll while holding four mallets, which seems to be working better overall. Although now they occasionally fall off the keyboard and I have to dive and grab them during the next rest...
winneratlife wrote:
WAIT YOU'RE IN PIT?
YES I AM IN PIT. Because I don't know how to play any wind instrument, and I doubt I have the coordination to march and play at the same time. And trust me, I've heard the ""where's pit? ohright, they're inside in the air conditioning"" insult a million times. It's only really because we have massive amounts of stuff to move and it's a pain to move all our crap to and from the field multiple times per day >.>

Edit: Managed to type what I was thinking about, not what I meant...my brain is absolutely fried from band camp."
"This is what I thought before I joined guard, but I actually surprised myself - I only hit a few people and only might have given myself a minor concussion, but... at least I didn't kill anyone?

Also, tomorrow I fly to LA and find out my dorm assignments (two unrelated yet important events )! Fun times."
"(for the record I was in pit for 2 years before doing drumline, it's a thing at my school that everyone has to march at some point)

Our pit had their first day outside today... It's completely freshman, so they're complaining about how hot it is(it only got to 96 today, I heard 102 with heat index tomorrow :/ ) while the rest of us are just standing there... We've been outside for 3 hours a day for the past 2 weeks...

What I really don't understand is that the band comes out and arcs up so we can play the first 2 parts of the show, we rep it twice and the band goes inside because it's too hot... We've been out here all day... Sigh..."
"Gahhh. For the last two days I've been having to get up early for this orientation thing for the incoming 6th graders called WEB (Standing for Welcome Every Body, or Where Everybody Belongs.). Finally, tomorrow is the real thing, and we get assigned to 10 kids, and we have to play these games and show them around campus and other stuff like that.

ffff. I can't wait until it's over and then I can go back to sleeping in...but then school's going to start soon. >_<"
Only one day left of band camp!!!!! But, I guess that means I only have 5 days left until school starts. Nooooo!
Quite off-topic, but this may be the most random thing I've seen in a while...
"I have my birthday party mostly planned out.
Would you agree that ""The Odd Life of Timothy Green"" looks like it's going to be really sad?
Also, I hope entomology is never an event I have to be in in my Science Olympiad career. (Shudders)
And my username's pronounced See-ey-DAY-vis-six."
Wow. The latest spambots are able to copy the post above them and then add advertisements below the copied post. I kinda hope they copy this one for the sheer irony of it
"Wow. The latest spambots are able to copy the post above them and then add advertisements below the copied post. I kinda hope they copy this one for the sheer irony of it
(Buy my book, How to be a Spambot in 10 Easy Steps!)"
"Wow. The latest spambots are able to copy the post above them and then add advertisements below the copied post. I kinda hope they copy this one for the sheer irony of it
(Buy my book, How to be a Spambot in 10 Easy Steps!)
(Depressed because of Scioly? Take the job of a Spambot!)"
"Wow. The latest spambots are able to copy the post above them and then add advertisements below the copied post. I kinda hope they copy this one for the sheer irony of it
(Buy my book, How to be a Spambot in 10 Easy Steps!)
(Depressed because of Scioly? Take the job of a Spambot!)
(Spambots become ""aware"" plots domination over Scioly )"
I just got the book "F in Exams: The Very Best Totally Wrong Test Answers!" today, and it's so funny! My favorite was the response to "Construct a rectangle with sides Y and ends Z." The person crossed off "rectangle with sides Y and ends Z," wrote "Banana Car," and drew a guy in a banana car. (That sounded really wrong, didn't it?)
Dude, I love that book!
"Haha, I considered joining guard, but didn't.

Reason #1: Even the guard isn't very fond of their coach...
They complain quite a bit that she keeps changing the moves, so they're never quite sure what to do.

Also, band skit yesterday mocking the guard:
Guard coach: ""Alright, reset to set 13.""
Guard: ""We're on set 9!""
(One of my friends in guard was sitting next to me and muttered, ""That's so true..."")

Reason #2: The rest of the marching band isn't very fond of colorguard since guard has a reputation for doing many, many resets...
Paraphrased version of most of Wednesday afternoon's rehearsal:
DM: ""What's next?""
Everyone: ""Move 16!""
DM: ""Prove it! Marching and playing, here we go!""
*band marches/plays the move 16, while guard does flag-twirling stuff*
Director: *thumbs up*
DM: ""Alright, what's next?""
Everyone: ""Hold 32!""
Guard coach: ""Actually, can we do the move 16 again?""
DM: ""RESET!""
Everyone: *groans*"
Does anyone else feel awkward talking on the phone?
I think that Cheesy Pie is a girl. (Unless you mean "dude" as a term for both sexes)
I use it for both sexes. I know she's a girl.
"Wiktionary defines ""dude"" as:

Noun

dude (plural dudes)
(slang) A man.
(slang, used in the vocative) A term of address for a man.
Relax, dude.
(originally) An inexperienced cowboy.
(slang) A tourist.
(archaic) A dandy, a man who is very concerned about his dress and appearance."
I call everybody dude.
I used to, but I sorta got out of the habit. :p
"You know what it's like when you see something on tv that was filmed at a place you've been before?
Saw a commercial placed at the Ren Cen just now."
Yeah, I saw some movie filmed at my house. (Not really, but that would be pretty cool)
That would be weird (in a good way!). I like seeing shows filmed ar Disney World, and I like thinking, OMZ! I love that ride!
I saw Diary of a Wimpy Kid: Dog Days yesterday. It was hilarious.
"Reason #2 is completely and totally accurate. In fairness, the band has the tendency to reset to sets where we're running or something, so we basically have to guess where we are (dots are altered significantly when you're in guard if you're running; your goal is to just get to the next place).

EDIT: Also, I am in LA! Fun times."
The Spongebob Squarepants movie is on!
I just found out that the last book for the Maximum Ride series came out.
Yup.
The book is terrible.
Really? I have been putting off reading it because I was affraid of that. I just don't want the books to end! ;(
The general understating in our school is that Mr. Patterson turned it into a love story. I like the scientific part of the first few books.
"I wanna see a book about people with superpowers that isn't about romance, (it can have romance, sure, but PLEASE not another Twilight. )
Another Twilight: noun
1. A Twilight Zone revival (The only one I want in this list is another Twilight- Zone, that is.)
2. A sequel to Twilight
3. Novels that are soley about some mythical creature in love.

I actually wouldn't mind the romance being a major part, either, but there has to be way more to it."
Try the Virals series, it's based on wolves. It has a moderate level of cursing, though. And because it is in a girl's point of view, has some thoughts of boys, but nothing else.
"Drat, I thought that would happen. >_<. Oh well, I guess I'll read it anyway... e-e.

Anyway, I went to a Giants game today, and of course we won. 8D"
If I recall correctly, I've only given up completely on three fiction series in my life - the Inheritance Trilogy (after Eldest), the Twilight Saga (couldn't even finish New Moon), and the Maximum Ride series (after the one where they go to Antarctica). Maximum Ride started out as a promising action series, but then... it felt like it wasn't going anywhere. That was what turned me off of the series, not the romance - the feeling that the plot was just meandering around.
"Yeah; I mean, I don't really mind the romance, but, what really annoyed me was the fact that most of the time, they spent their time doing absolutely nothing. The characters' personalities have completely changed, as well. Gassy hasn't been setting off any bombs with Iggy, because Iggy got brainwashed, and whatnot. What happened to the sweet little-girl Angel? Now she's just trying to become leader of the flock, and Max isn't even really trying to stop her. Max is supposed to be the strong one that's keeping them together, but now, instead she's just all lovesick over Fang. And Nudge... she barely even speaks anymore! Seriously, how did the plot get from hiding from humans to trying to save the environment...with some romance on the side? It doesn't even make sense!

What happened to that awesome plot that it started out with?"
If you want a good novel about supernatural romance, read White by Ted Dekker. (But read Black and Red first.) The romance is a major plot point, but there is more to it than romance.
Did anyone watch the tv show heros? They should make that into a book series cause that would be really good!
I think it's a comic book series...
Anyway, went to a Phillies game the other day, of course we won. Ok, I don't think it's safe to say of course after this year.
*Instantly begins a google and amazon search*
"My small town had bad traffic today...
It's something you never see."
"Meteor-watching :)

Only saw 10-20, but hey, it's the Perseids (which typically peak around 100 ZHR anyways), I was only outside for ~45 minutes, and it's off-peak anyways.

Nothing quite compares to just being outside on a summer night and looking up at the sky."
"Cool avvy, Alpha!
What is it?"
"It was cloudy last night for me so I missed it .
Cedavis6 wrote:
Cool avvy, Alpha!
What is it?
/dies"
That tells me what it is...
It is the Curiosity rover in the process of landing.
How did I not notice?
We don't know. We really don't know.
"I remember in 7th grade in science, we were coming up with rules- ahem- standard operating procedures. I joked with my friend aftewards, ""I was waiting for someone to say casual Fridays.""
Yeah... you had to be there.
In other news, I really hope someone from my school joins!
And: (clears throat)
I LOST THE GAME!"
"I lost the game.
And arrrghh. I'm so annoyed right now. I just found out from my science teacher/former SciOly coach that he's not going to make a team. Dang it, Sato. >_<
I guess I have to try to find another teacher to be our coach, otherwise I have to wait until next year to compete again. :c

...Oh yeah. And school started today."
"Really??!?

If he goes through with that, I'm going to be very disappointed in him. Did he give any reasons why? I assume it's the lack of interest but IDK."
Gah, I've got Katy Perry's "I Kissed a Girl and I Liked It" stuck in my head. I hate pretty much every pop song.
"Lack of interest is the worst. If you don't have a teacher, it is a problem, but not as big. But you probably know all of this, so what else is there to say, but good luck? ;P

Just go around, a heck lot easier since school started for you, and do what you can in getting people to do it."
Really, any teacher would do. I believe none of the coaches in our high school are even science teachers.
My drama teacher comes to mind...
"I know right! >_<

It's probably lack of interest, but it might also be other things. I mean, you know how our team is changing. Without you and my besties, (hahaha xD), the team doesn't have an anchor. It would virtually be me, and your annoying, Dynamic Planet partner who has a bloated head. The only reason why he got medals was because he had good partners..

Another reason that he might be doing it is because ever since last year, the incoming B-team didn't really try that hard..you know what I'm referring to, right? As in, skipping meetings with the A-team members and letting their parents do their build events. Remember how the cellist that always breaks his instrument, and thinks that he's a ""look-alike Sato"" didn't build mousetrap until the day before the competition, and Sato ended up making it for him? The one thing that Sato always prided himself on was us doing all our builds by ourselves, and the only thing that he ever had to do was stay after school sometimes.

I mean, I do realize that there were major flaws in our team, but earlier last year, he told me that we were at least going to have one team. Arrrrgh! Dang it, Sato! >_<

It might also be because he wants to spend more time with his kid.
EpicFailOlympian wrote:
Really, any teacher would do. I believe none of the coaches in our high school are even science teachers.
Yeah, that's true. Hopefully I can find a teacher that will help."
True, but it's very hard without one. There's also the matter of using a science room to some of the chem events.
Not to bring up spambots again, but that tread in the general chat? Now there's a sophisticated bot from the looks of it..
I can't even tell whether it's trying to advertise whatever program through reverse psychology, or if it's a special spambot designed to slander products <_<

"Well, not necessarily. The farthest star that we can see with the naked eye (under absolutely perfect conditions - no light pollution, no atmospheric turbulence, etc.) is V762 Cas, about 16 000 LY away. Even the most massive O-type stars have main sequence lifetimes of about 20 000 years, so chances are that any star we can directly observe isn't quite dead yet.

Although I guess if you had the HST or something like that, you theoretically could see out to a couple billion LY, and some stars at the far end of that range have most assuredly gone supernova by now. The most distant stars that I can find a good record of (here, and here) are about 56 million LY away, and since they are Cepheid varstars and are post-main sequence anyways, they've probably exploded already.

If you didn't want to be limited to individual stars but to any DSO, I guess there's quasars and GRBs, but those are a different matter entirely...

/goes off muttering about astronomy

Also, waking up the neighbours with violin playing at 8:30 AM...good times. >.>
I guess it's better than keeping them up with violin playing at 11 PM? Yeah, I practice at weird hours..."
So my dreams aren't dead after all!
Practicing instruments at wierd hours? I can most certainly relate. For some unfathomable reason, it is a rule in my house that we have to practice our intsruments in the morning...this means that during the school year, with my bus arriving at 6:45, I end up having to be awake by 5:30, which is when my sister starts playing trumpet. (If it were only me, I would be able to sleep in a little more, as I only plaay one instrument, but since my sisters all play two, their noise-making wakes me earlier than necessary.) Needless to say, this is a fact which I am very unhappy about.
"I have played violin before at 2 or 3 am. Outside. My neighbours have a healthy fear of my violin and loud screeching.
I don't play flute as much, but when I do, the high, annoying noises are really...annoying."
WHY? Just why?
BECAUSE SHES FOREVERPHYSICS
"Night at the Museum is awesome.
""The Cube. Of Rubik.""- Larry Dayley
""We're Americans. We don't plan. We do.""- General Custer
""Moxie doesn't fly planes. People with pilot's liscenses do.""- Larry Dayley"
You can always tell who was last in the Posting Games because of their name in the "last post".
I ACTUALLY SAW THE PRESIDENT TODAY!!!
explain.
My violin practice time has just been more than doubled. Yay. Now my neighbours will love me even more! /sarcasm
I was at the Washington Monument, and we saw a helicopter in a "no fly zone." We were all like, "Is that the president?" It flew by the White House, and back. Then, we saw three helicopters, and one of them landed at the White House. Then, we went to the White House. After we snapped some pictures, we started to leave. Then, my mom grabbed my arm, and said, "Look!" and I looked, and I saw the president! The security guard told everyone to leave, which confirms that I saw the President.
Autocorrect is about the best thing to ever happen, It managed to give me a good laugh today.
I must learn to stop procrastinating...although I am not the only one guilty of this horrendous crime, hm?
How? I love ac fails.
The fact that when I went to send a text to a friend of mine to tell her I was outside her house that said, "OK I am here." my phone wanted to try to type, OK I am heterosexual instead.
"Don't worry, if it really were any sort of crime we would've all been arrested several times over. My own record is far from clean...
In fact, I am guilty of it right this very moment!"
I just noticed I have retaken the top spot for most posts, AKA biggest spammer. Too bad paleonaps is never on anymore.
Or am I?
Oh good. At least I know you're lurking.
Agreed. xD.
Gah, new Spongebob. They can make it funnier, they just don't try. And they need to stop drawing Spongebob with his nose down. That looks terrible. And now, Spongebob is obsessed with his job. Patrick is a complete idiot, not just minorly confused. Squidward hates everyone. Mr. Krabs is obsessed with money. Sandy is perfect, it seems. The extras are either really mean or really stupid, or both. Whenever there is a guest character, they are ugly. And now, Spongebob is like a girl, and annoys everyone.
And you are also the only one here that still watches Spongebob. I have never even seen an episode. I've caught glimpses, yes, but never a full episode.
I am not the only one... I only really watch old ones, and a few new ones that I think are funny. I only watch new ones with my little sisters.
There are still new Spongebob episodes? I thought it kinda died after they made the movie.
There's a movie?
Touché. It wasn't that good (I can't even remember the plot), but the Goofy Goober song is... unforgettable.
"Basically, Spongebob has to go get King Nepune's crown, or else he kills Mr. Krabs. Plankton and some biker gang dude try to stop Spongebob and Patrick on thier adventure. Along the way they blow bubbles, drive in a patty car, get ice cream from a creepy lady, and yes, sing the Goofy Goober Song XD

I think a lot of cartoons nowadays end too fast to have a decent conclusion. They're like the movies where the main character is going on an epic adventure, and then just wakes up from the dream right when it started to get good."
I saw a most engrossing program regarding the death of the universe on television the other day...
"I for one find the movie to be awesome if you are a fan of the show. But the series went down after that... And there's a sequel coming soon, it better be good.
The movie would've been a good conclusion, but now... I don't want it to end, but the episodes need to get better."
"""The kid inside of me will set you free""
*Change clothing
""Ima La Be-lop bo.............""

Also, does everyone know about the Slenderman? Watch at own risk: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xm6PGh2fvTg ."
I just saw Diary of a Wimpy Kid. It is hilarious. I love the part when Rodrick is pretending to drown to impress Heather.
FFFFFFAAAAAAAAAAKKKKKKKKKEEEEEEEEE
Today, I went to this pirate adventure interactirve show thing. The bad pirate wanted my hat in exchange for the treasure. Or a date with the first mate.
"'get ice cream from a creepy lady'
hahaha xD.

I just watched/listened to that Goofy Goober song... And I'm just sitting here like, ""lolwhatdidIjustwatch. .___.""
A Person wrote:
Also, does everyone know about the Slenderman? Watch at own risk: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xm6PGh2fvTg .
Yeah, he's from Creepypasta, right?"
"You know you're in for a bad semester when your teacher pronounces ""URL"" as ""Earl"".
Oh, and calls Internet Explorer ""The Internet"". ""Okay class, now just double click on the internet..."""
You should ask the teacher if double clicking the Internet requires a level 3 switch or not
YIkes. What teacher?
"I'm not sure she's that bad...
zyzzyva98 wrote:
YIkes. What teacher?
Web design. And apparently she teaches many other programming-esque classes."
"A Poem

They say a picture is worth a thousand words,
A thousand words are not enough,
To say how much you mean to me.

I am not perfect,
I fell many times,
And I wondered if my light still shined to you.

As life goes on,
My story gets longer,
Your photo gets older,
Outdated.

Yet I still have hope."
Of course it's fake, the idea was born at creepy pasta forums, I think
So is that where the game Slender came from?
The joy of learning things you've already known for four years...wow, Alg 2 is boring.
Well yes, slenderman came from there, then the game slender was based from the idea of him. Also, try trenderman, the cousin of slenderman
Hahahaha. YOU CAN'T RUN... Away from a great sale. That's awesome!
".....i cant stop cutting.... THE CHEESEEEE
lol i dont cut cheese in public :p"
So I found my school schedule today(we start monday) and I don't have a class 4th period... We don't have a study hall or anything else either, so I think I'll sneak off to the band room and practice, I wonder how long I can get away with this...(the directors don't care).
Does your school not have free periods, iwonder? For me, whenever I don't have a class, which occurs in my schedule 4 times per 6 day cycle 1st semester, I can do [almost] whatever I want to during those times...even leave the school, if I felt so inclined. My band room is always open for kids to use during their free periods.
Oh no... my school doesn't. We have 7 classes a day, and lunch, and we keep the same schedule every day for each semester. Even if I did have a schedule, getting off campus without a parent at school(yea, it's a highschool ) requires an act of congress... I've done it once in two years and it took 30 minutes to get permission to leave for 20 minutes... The only reason I say I could go to band is because there's no one in our percussion room during that period.
"my school starts day after tomorrow.. -.-
i dont want it to start"
My birthday's the day after tomorrow.
Happy Two-Days-Before-Your-Birthday Day!
Yay!
Rest in peace Neil Armstrong.
R.I.P. Neil Armstrong
Beat me
happy bday!!!!
;( (attempts at a crying face have failed)

I just found out that the man that leads the team of 30 engineers in charge of flying and operating Curiosity is from the small town of Salida, Colorado, the same place that I was born.
Boo (from Monster's Inc.) is so cute!
There's a guy online called thehydrogenpoptart. Awesome.
Thank you. I am flattered by your comment.
If you stick around, I think you have a more than decent chance of winning Most Unique Username next year.
Oh just wait until someone puts them in a toaster...
KAZAKHSTAN!!!!!!!!!!
"""Hey, I just met you,
And this is crazy,
But you're a stalker,
So call me never!""
I have C.R. Jensen's Call me Maybe Stuck in my head."
That's depressing. Although your version is much better than the real song.
LOL. Thanks. I think I got it out of my head.
"And now I will stick it right back in your head.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fWNaR-rxAic"
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=au-qqhRH ... r_embedded Because our military is just that awesome.
I am officially addicted to watching smosh videos and listening to David Choi's songs. xD
It's all about the dailygrace. Love her so much!!! I want tickets to go see her in Dallas with Leetup.
How round is YOUR circle?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ME!!!
Oh my birthday is in four days. As is my dance friend's. Yes she is exactly one year older than me.
"I notice that there is at least one Spongebob fan here.


As you can tell, I am spending my time very productively before school starts."
"I have just gone through about 10 state websites and the 2012 national website...
Suddenly I have become insanely excited about the new SO season.
>.>
<.<
And I still don't even know if I can do it this year...and already I'm obsessed with it...again."
"Forever, I have been insanely excited/obsessed about this coming scioly season since May.

Also, potentially not doing scioly!? The horror!"
I could not agree more with this letter.
I hope this isn't giving non-Christians bad ideas. Quote: I hope she doesn't represent us.
Besides all of the other stuff, didn't Spongebob start before 9/11/2001?
"Correct! Spongebob first aired in 1999 so 9/11 had no significance yet, but of course Nickelodeon knew that it would become significant because they once aired a show that was watched by someone whose brother met someone who knew another guy whose wife was previously married to a man who sold a chocolate bar to an acquaintance of Al Qaeda, and they are therefore terrorists

In other news, you know its going to be a fun year when your Physics C teacher says he's going to make you compete against each other for grades"
"...
Spongebob wears clothes. The anagram is probably a coincidence.
Violent crimes? Really? Those existed WAY before Spongebob. Drugs and alcohol usually are a key role in violent crimes. Spongebob does not promote that...
If anything, Regular Show is evil. The guys on there are idiots who take nothing seriously.
Gah, everybody'll have their opinions..."
Today, in my science class, I was instructed to build a rubber band powered car with a partner. Acetone+bleach being in the same class, I wanted to become partners. We did really well in Mousetrap, so why not this? But another teammate took him, and I was left alone. Also, we couldn't build with any materials other than tape, cardboard, rubber bands, and skewers. Apparently doing Science Olympiad as a kid informed the teacher that people will go to extremes.
Where would humour be without a fair amount of crazy people?
Are you........... British?

Science Olympiad is a American activity, so probably not?
Well he said humour...
"Some of the jokes I've heard from my calc BC teacher are a little off colour...

Oh, A Person, have you been to Texas SO Contests? My team has a laser cutter this year and I have a small mill and access to a full machine shop, as well as a very large budget... We've got another team(lasa) that has an in house laser cutter, plasma cutter, cnc mill, lathe, a ton of solidworks experience, and plenty other various tools... Overkill is the name of the game"
"Technically the only language available on this site is ""British English""
I have friends who spell things like that (and with s's instead of z's) as well, either because they're Anglophiles or just because they think it sounds better, not because they're actually British."
"Haha, I also have a predilection for English spellings, as many people here have noticed. I actually use a mix of English and American spellings, depending on ease of use, situation, how much attention (or lack thereof) I'm paying, and what kind of mood I'm in at the moment.

I also find that it's easier to reach ""s"" than ""z"" when typing on a QWERTY keyboard >.>"
I have found the greatest form of procrastination. Scheduling when you're going to do homework. It gives you the feeling of accomplishment without actually doing anything.
"zyzzyva
syssyva
What colour iz thiz?????"
I wonder if bad handwriting is genetic...
Well.... I have a... knife. But I think I do have the resources for a CNC, Lathe close by; but I would have to go to the Tech building of our school to get to the Laser cutter, welding tools, ect. Not that I can legally operate most of it. But way to make me feel put out. My teachers told us last year that we would get a section of a new building for Science Olympiad last year, but we got a shed in the back of the school.
The emptiness of the forum when the board rolls over
"Haha, I know, right?
I'm trying to resist the urge to make the IL forum... it's very difficult..."
"A little bummed because I found out state SO competition this year is during a trip I've been dreaming of for two years. Talk about dedication...

On the other hand, found out I'm a semifinalist for National Merit!"
I hope this isn't giving non-Christians bad ideas. Quote: I hope she doesn't represent us.
Besides all of the other stuff, didn't Spongebob start before 9/11/2001?
"Correct! Spongebob first aired in 1999 so 9/11 had no significance yet, but of course Nickelodeon knew that it would become significant because they once aired a show that was watched by someone whose brother met someone who knew another guy whose wife was previously married to a man who sold a chocolate bar to an acquaintance of Al Qaeda, and they are therefore terrorists

In other news, you know its going to be a fun year when your Physics C teacher says he's going to make you compete against each other for grades"
"...
Spongebob wears clothes. The anagram is probably a coincidence.
Violent crimes? Really? Those existed WAY before Spongebob. Drugs and alcohol usually are a key role in violent crimes. Spongebob does not promote that...
If anything, Regular Show is evil. The guys on there are idiots who take nothing seriously.
Gah, everybody'll have their opinions..."
Today, in my science class, I was instructed to build a rubber band powered car with a partner. Acetone+bleach being in the same class, I wanted to become partners. We did really well in Mousetrap, so why not this? But another teammate took him, and I was left alone. Also, we couldn't build with any materials other than tape, cardboard, rubber bands, and skewers. Apparently doing Science Olympiad as a kid informed the teacher that people will go to extremes.
Where would humour be without a fair amount of crazy people?
Are you........... British?

Science Olympiad is a American activity, so probably not?
Well he said humour...
My generation calls it building, due to my coach calling it building.
I can't say if it was like this for 25yrs, but I've known them as 'build events'. Bear in mind this may be regional, too. What someone calls things in WA may be different from MA.
Quickly finishing 1/3 of your summer project cause school starts in about 36 hours...
Good to see this thread still thriving. It's been a long time since I've been on here.
Since this thread has lasted for four years already, it's going to be a looong time before it dies.
yeah physics and English!
Last day of summer yesyesyesyesyes
So I just noticed that Word 2007 is called "Word 207" on my school login's desktop. The rest of the Microsoft Office icons say 2007. There is no way for me to change this (any form of right clicking on the desktop is blocked >_>).
Chia, I've always wondered, what is your avatar?
Not sure but that awkward moment you realize Mitt Romney's Slogan, “Keep America American” was the same slogan used by the KKK in 1922 must be in the top ten.
"http://www.snopes.com/politics/romney/slogan.asp

Close, but no."
Currently nothing identifiable, just a crop of a photo I took (with actual Fujifilm, haha) once upon a time. I think it's just the outside of a building or something like that. In the past it has been a grey speech bubble with the Cancer zodiac symbol ("sideways 69") which is related to Homestuck, and the gold Starfleet crest thing.
Guess my avatar.
A patch of some kind?
In a way, it COULD be, but no. The answer may be simpler than you think.
"It looks very Knights Templar-ish. Straight out of a Dan Brown novel and rife with religious symbolism.

T-2 weeks until orientation starts... looks like I have some time to actually acquire a sleep schedule."
"Presumably it would be the logo of the circle which you are part of.

Koko, I am quite envious of you and your being in college and being able to focus on classes which interest you...My first day was today, and my APUSH teacher spent the entire period telling us how we would have to be absolute geniuses (genii?) to get an A in his class, and he's taught about 2 ""geniuses"" in his 15 years of teaching...it's going to be a long year."
"My first day was awesome... We got a bird show at the zoo, observed and drew Japanese monkeys, got a behind-the-scenes tour of a few exhibits (though, honestly, seeing the top of a tank gets boring after a few times) almost ate lunch outside but it was too hot, and debated ethics in pre-calc. I love my school already, and it hasn't been a week yet. Plus, during swimming this evening we played water polo after a killer set, and a person began to fear me after I dunked them a lot ... and the ball deflated, which may say something about the overall violence of the game.

Tomorrow I have to take my bus and I'm not sure where it picks up... ah well."
"Oh, AP Lit... I can't believe writing three pages of super in-depth analysis of The Namesake has taken me a third of the time it took me to write a two page paper basically asking ""what did you learn this week?"" in relation to the same book. -_-
Whoa, I can't believe it's not even midnight yet. This is literally the first time I've finished an essay before midnight since middle school."
...That's the Circle symbol. That Circle symbol from Ted Dekker's books. Although Christianity is more associated with the crucifix than the Greek cross, which is what your avvy is...
Yea career lab day, and for the next two weeks I get to do my grad project.
Aah, that's one of the things I'm looking forward to the most in college! I'm hoping to take a class about Mythbusters in the fall quarter.
My compsci teacher doesn't teach anything, my calc teacher gives tons of homework, junior year's going to be fun.
calc teacher sounds the same. And English 11 AP sucks already, its going to be fun agreed.
I love how I already know everything there is to know in all my classes (except for Spanish 2). It makes it so much easier on me...but it's boring as all heck, and I don't like boredom.
The Circle Series is actually Christian... It's kinda like Narnia for adults (or teens).
"...I know the Circle series is Christian. That's why I mentioned the cross thing. I found it ironic.
And I know exactly what the Circle series is. I've read it before, but I really didn't like it..."
Today during soccer, someone on the other team tripped me, and I fell flat on my face.
"This is literally the first day I've gone to school without a roller backpack.

FREEDOM!!!"
Those are banned in my school, for some reason.
I think I know why. Last year, a friend of mine had one, and literally like every period, she accidentally tripped 2 people with it. It was hilarious for me, since I was watching it on the sidelines, but for her and the person getting tripped, it was annoying. Plus, imagine if it was happening like 12 times every day... Yeah, not fun. I still think it's funny, though because eventually towards the end of the year, people would always be like, "Look out for that evil backpack!" ...Yet people still managed to get tripped. *facepalm*
The cellist and I would always run to PE with our roller backpacks... LOL. They're such a hassle in crowded places because you end up running over people's feet.
Hahaha. I can definitely see you and (I'll just call him Dary) Dary running around with your backpacks tripping people as they cry out in despair as the wheels run over their shoes.
I can't believe the NFL season has started already! Sunday is going to be intense, Packers vs. 49ers... This is going to be a tough win.
Ugh... Time to prepare for an even more obnoxious father. My dad's a Packers fan, and I hate football. It's just rowdy catch.
I'm watching "The Lorax" in Earth Science.
2nd day of school and I've already fallen asleep in class. I think that's a personal record.
"Lucky! In my class, we're doing chemical naming and other stuff similar to that.
Anyway, whenever I hear, ""The Lorax"", it reminds me of how at our school, cut these trees down, and last year, some of my friends after band would dare people to stand on the trees and shout, ""I am the Lorax! I speak for the trees!"" xD.

mnstrviola wrote:
2nd day of school and I've already fallen asleep in class. I think that's a personal record.
Which class was it?"
Algebra II.
"Algebra?
ALGEBRA?

How dare you!

Sorry, I like algebra."
I like Algebra too (mostly because it's sorta easy) but I was on this boring problem and the teacher was just speeding through so I involuntarily took a nap.
Algebra's awesome, but like.. Algebra II is different. It has tons of graphing and Geometry. Which is okay, I guess.
"That may explain why I have to take geometry before Algebra II. I've already taken Algebra I. (Yay advanced math!)
And I am probably the youngest in my Geometry class..."
"I liked Geometry the best, probably because it was with the easiest teacher you could imagine. He let us use both the textbook and the notes while we took the test.

Also, don't feel bad about me sleeping during math. I also slept during the CST, which is like this big California exam kids take."
"Uuuugh. That's why I hated Geometry. Because we didn't learn anything. Plus, his accent. It was funny though, when he made kids 'watch the grass grow'.

And of course you did."
DON'T BE OBTUSE!
".

The other day my math teacher gave us a lecture on why he doesn't like Costco. xD"
COSTCO?!?! THE PLACE OF FREE SAMPLES AND GOOD PIZZA?!
"Mmm their samples and pizza...

IKEA has the best food court for a shopping place IMO. Everything is so conviniently placed too, it's like an assembly line: look at comfy furniture, eat, buy, get ice cream."
"True. Very true...
There is an Ikea by my old house, and it opened the day we moved."
"Mr algebra teacher had a heavily Vietnamese accent, and she would say everything she put up in the board, while she was writing it. She didn't even use pronouns, so I got in the habit of just listening to her. After a while I would turn around and out my head down and just keep track of a mental image of the board from what she said.

Long story short, one day she thought I wasnt paying attention and called on me to give her the answer to something, which I promptley did, correctly, without turning around. She was not happy"
That's funny cause my teacher gives us lectures on why Costco is amazing... And I was his favorite cause my dad actually works for Costco.
"The other day, my AP Calc BC teacher was telling jokes. One of them was, ""What do you get when you cross a tsetse fly and a mountain climber?""

The answer was nothing, because you can't cross a vector with a scalar. I was the only one in the entire room who laughed - no one else got it. It was really awkward.

Interestingly enough, we're doing multivariable calculus right now..."
"Heheh, calc jokes! And uh, my Calc teacher threw an answer key at a kid today...

I also took an AP Bio test today to see if I'm keeping up with the class (I'm doing it as an independent study because of scheduling issues). Long story short: I know my biochem, but I can't math."
Who else is watching Barack Obama's acceptance speech right now?
For once, I am taking an interest in politics, so yes! It is pretty darn good!
I agree.
"I just realised how much I miss Optics...
Yesterday, I was taking a Trig math test. The last problem on the test (a bonus question) was Snell's Law. But she wrote Snell's Law as , so I corrected her that Snell's Law was actually . Then I explained that the index of refraction of air was not 1, but 1.00029. Then I proceeded to write two long, ranty paragraphs about Snell's Law, derivation thereof, the index of refraction of water, etc. And then I remembered that this was a Trig, and I had just spent 15 minutes ranting about Snell's Law and Optics on a test.
>.<
Dang, I miss Optics so much..."
I would so do that, but we don't have tests like that... If only... Optics and crave the Wave were so much fun.
Awesome Google doodle today
it is so awesome!
Completely. I noticed it in a SciOly meeting, but no one cared
Guess what.... My team gets our rule books soon! XD yay
I'm kinda curious; what do you guys think would be the minimum age to volunteer at the local Science Olympiad regional competition for Div. A (elementary school)? I'm thinking maybe 16 but it would be awesome if they'd allow 14. I'd like to hopefully proctor an event, but just being able to show people around or help organize the event would be nice.
Okay, this may be a bad comparison, but I first volunteered at my church for kids when I was 11, so I think you may be good.
Division A? I think 14 would be perfectly fine to volunteer. It's the experience you have that matters, in my opinion. Not that I've organized any tournaments in the past
We've had freshmen volunteer at our Div A events. And some have proctored as well. (It does help that our high school coach operates the whole event though.) As Z said, it's all about experience.
It's not even unheard of to have 14yos volunteer in B competitions, let alone A ones. You'd certainly not be in charge and may not be writing tests, but tournaments tend to prefer helpers over not, after all. And working with kids in an academic capacity is a great thing for you to do and will impress just about anyone!
Okay, thanks for the advice everyone! I'm gonna send an email to the coordinators.
Have fun!
"It's been a busy first week, and I'm already thinking about dropping AP Lang. I'm honestly sick and tired of over-analyzing books just to try and decipher the ""author's style"". None of the ""close"" reading methods appeal to me even one bit; the post-it note method - which is the only one I'd even consider - requires us to write what the voice in our head is saying as we read. I'm not sorry to say I read the books to myself and thus have very little inner commentary unless I'm tired, grumpy, angry or anything along those lines, and then it gets just downright snarky. At least I have three weeks to drop it before I can't anymore.

Rant over"
I've volunteered at a div A tournament at age 14 (and proctored an event). You're fine as long as the tournament director is fine with you.
Yeah, I sent an email but the tournament's not until June so I believe it'll be months till I even get a reply.
In fourth grade, we did this play called "Chris-Crossed". I hope that the school does not do that again. (Our upper elementary school rotates school plays.) First, it's about Christopher Colombus, who IMO did not do anything that great, besides the fact that he discovered the world was round, which I believe the ancient Greeks already believed was true. Third, there were only TWO roles for girls, minus the "townsperson" roles and "students" who just tell you the facts about the voyage. I can think of a way that more roles for girls could have been incorporated, but they weren't. Fourth, it was neither funny or dramatic. I can think of a few ways that the author could have made it funny, but it wasn't. It was just informational. I understand why it wasn't dramatic, but still...
Actually, his major contribution was 'finding' the New World as a result of our planet being round, but he may not even have been first! Emperor Something of China might've did it first...but that's a debate that'll never settle. Like who discovered calculus...
Yes, we have known that the world was round long before Columbus. Almost 1500 years before the expedition, Eratosthenes (Greek scholar) had already predicted the circumference of the earth. Columbus' voyage was purely for finding a route to India by going west, which even then had already been thought of by the Romans.
"Well actually, there's a theory about china voyaging to the Americas in 1421 during there exploration of the world after isolation.

Also, the Norse established colonies up in Canada as early as the 1100s, the Polynesian people probably had contact with a preincan Andes culture well before that.

The entire world knew the earth was round for thousands of years before Columbus, they actually knew the diameter of the earth to with a few thousand miles also. What columbus did was miscalculate the diameter of the earth, he thought it was significantly smaller. So while everyone knew that the earth was round, and you could go to china by sailing around it, he estimated the trip to be significantly shorter than others thought. When he finally landed in Hispanola, as we all know, he was convinced it was India, he wasn't actually too bright either, and called one of the other islands(Cuba maybe?) Japan. Despite complete evidence that it was different, until his death he still believed it was India.

So the only thing he really did was spur European interest in establishing power over the America's."
"You're welcome :P

And ohgod, Columbus...I could go off on such an APUSH tangent about exploration and colonization of the Americas, but eh, now I'm taking Euro instead, so I'll let people taking APUSH go on the APUSH tangents."
That's what I did
COLUMBUS WAS A RACIST SERIAL KILLER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Honestly, if there's a Columbus Day, there should be an Adolf Hitler day.
Exactly what I was thinking.
Well, technically, 1.00029 rounds to 1.
Heh, I had that on the cover of my BC Calc binder last year; my teacher asked me what it was from and half of the class simultaneously said, "You don't know about xkcd???"
The Great American Bible Challenge is awesome!
"I hear you... Not that I'm thinking about dropping AP Lit, but yikes. I don't want to see another practice AP test. D: We're reading Heart of Darkness right now, and bleh. At least it's not as bad as Grapes of Wrath. *shudders*

Then again, my teacher is awesome. We all make fun of her, and she picks on us right back. That, and we're allowed to bring food to class, so I'm going to make either Canadian brownies or pumpkin muffins for Monday..."
"Heh heh: Homeland Security

Not that I personally think Columbus was a terrorist equivalent to Hitler...more of an idiot than anything else. However, as iwonder pointed out, although all learned people of his time knew that the world was round and his entire expedition was founded upon a miscalculation, his actions were responsible for the begining of the process of the development of the United States (yay USA)."
"That's great...almost as good as the l'Hôpital song.
Cedavis6 wrote:
The Great American Bible Challenge is awesome!
I totally want to be on that show...if it makes it past one season...is it only on GSN, though?"
"Oh, AP Lit. What terrible, terrible memories I have of that class. I guess the class wasn't even that bad; I just absolutely hated it.

One more working week until I fly out - time to... uh... sit around and do nothing. Or go biking. Or both - hey, the days are long. (Almost unbearably so.)"
"I think so... but I saw a mini-documentary about it on another channel.
LOL, my family and I enjoy shouting out the answers. Many of these we know by being in JBQ. (Junior Bible Quiz)"
My shiny gold marker died on me... at the worst possible moment
Aaugh I hate when that happens... but NO WAY WiLL I GIVE YOU MY SHINY GOLD MARKER!!!!!!!
I am so happy! Finally got my East Stroudsburg High School South 2013 Science O permission and information form this morning! I am filling it out right now! So excited for this year, because we have such a good shot at making states.
Certainly, you only have to replace 7 seniors. Of course, that doesn't mean you're not capable, because you certainly are.
SO starts in November for me.
Today was our first meeting, too we had an awesome turnout! I can tell this year's going to be great.
"Our first contest is the first week in November, Cedavis

And the first meeting is Wednesday, nervous to see what the turnout is."
Top 5?
"On Valentine's Day, write this where everyone in S.O. can see:
9x-7i>3(3x-7u)
Tell them to solve for i."
you mean 9x-7i>3(3x-7u) , right?
Yes.
Hahaha nerd love...
You wouldn't believe how many people we have recruited to rejoin the team after leaving for 1 or two years. I also recruited several non-former members with the help of NEO.
No, I'm aware of it. But having lots of people doesn't help if you on't work at it. There are several events where seniors were key contributors that you have to now deal with.
I know that we have to work, and I have made it clear to them that they MUST put hard work in.
Today we remember the innocent who lost their lives in the attackings on September 11, 2001.
"On a Tuesday morning in September much like today, American Airlines Flight 11 and American Airlines Flight 175 smashed into two buildings in New York City. About 2,500 innocent civilians were lost in the event.125 were killed in the pentagon, a total of 411 rescue workers died rescuing others, and 4,404 soldiers gave their lives in the military with 31,827 injured. We watched a documentary in Social Studies, and person after person jumped.

What a horrible world."
And there are 59 (I think) different cancers caused by the smoke.
It's ironic because 9-11 is such a sad, sad, day, and my core teacher chose to have a pizza party today... o_o
But the world is just awesome!
On the contrary the world could be a great place, but it's being destroyed by violence and rampant illicit activities... It's depressing to see this happening.
"""O'Malley's Law: The less you know the more certain you can be.""
Meeting the Living God
Fr. William J. O'Malley SJ"
iPhone 5!!!
Yes.... Nice to see a radical change.
"After almost having an emotional breakdown, I've decided I'm dropping AP Lang. I have more than an hour of homework a night with no time to do it in class, I'm feeling the pressure from my swim coach, and I haven't even started two of my five usual extra-curriculars (Those being SO and math team) and I'm already feeling over-extended.

As a side note, anyone have any catchy/funny sayings/phrases for SO recruitment posters?"
they now have an all black model... that alone is amazing
I hear ya... but wow, I have serious respect for the handful of swimmers and varsity cross country/track kids I know who are taking essentially the same course load I am, I have no idea how they do it. I have enough trouble with Scioly and a handful of other clubs/teams - I don't think I could have handled continuing even badminton (the "easiest" sport, haha) in junior year.
It's interesting... I kind of felt the same way in junior year, overloaded. Now that I'm a senior, I'm doing essentially the same classes, but I don't feel overloaded at all. Suddenly, I've been thinking, "Shoot, there's so much left that I wanted to do. Why am I not doing everything?" I'm getting involved in a lot of other extracurriculars (certainly not intense ones, those are reserved for SO and debate) and enjoying it. Being able to go out for an hour after school and play ultimate does wonders for the stress level. So don't stress yourself out- have fun and enjoy everything you do; you might not be able to do it much longer.
"Junior year? Heck, I'm feeling it as a Sophomore. Football practice till 7pm+ everyday really takes a lot of time, if not energy. Sometime I feel so tired that I can't even think strait or listen in class. I'm not a math whiz; I have to struggle through precalc every day. Not to mention English & AP World History, the reading, analysis, and essays. I get an extra kick with biology - all those kiddie ""arts, glue, and colored pencil"" project presentations. *sigh* I'm probably not doing football next year, even with a good chance of being on varsity.

Yea, I'm not hitting up on all the other clubs and organizations I wanted to join either."
"That's exactly what I've been doing. I always wanted to do Scholar's Bowl; since my calc teacher personally invited me this year, I'm finally getting the chance to do it. Everyone has been asking me why I didn't join earlier, and I really don't have much of an answer. I joined three new activities this year - two ""intense"" ones (Scholar's Bowl and Freelance Writing Society) and another that isn't very time-consuming. And I'm still in SO, robotics, NHS, KAY, and everything else. It's odd how much more fulfilled I feel, even with a heavier course load (is that even possible?).

Maybe it's a senior thing - going all out so you can graduate with no regrets.

EDIT: I know how you feel, EpicFail - after ten years and a good chance of being in senior company, I had to quit dance just before my junior year for SO. They wouldn't let me do both. :\ It was for the best, though."
"I kind of feel the same. With swimming taking about ~2 hours every day, marching band, Robotics, and me getting really serious about violin (2 or more hours every day)...plus the fact that now that I am technically in freshman year, I have a lot more homework than I have ever had. And even if I don't exactly care about flute, I still have to practice at least half an hour every day.
Even without doing anything else, it's past eleven pm when I finish all that. Add in Science Olympiad, drawing out designs for Robotics, the novel I am writing, and everything else I need to do, and I usually don't sleep until past one or two am. Then the next morning I have to get up at four or five am so I can finish whatever I was too exhausted to do the previous night and play violin before school starts (because otherwise I would never finish my allotted violin time). It's incredibly stressful, and I do feel tired a lot, but I have to do it, don't I?
Also, swimming is exhausting."
Yeah, high school courseload + varsity sport = problems...volleyball is 5-8 for me; I don't think it could possibly be at more inconvenient time. I get home with time to barely start my homework and eat something before I have to leave for practice, so I end up really starting homework at 9, after I've gotten home, eaten and showered, and at that point I am absolutely exhausted and would love to just go to bed...Not fun. At least my clubs start mostly after the season ends.
And remember, what doesn't kill you simply makes you... stranger. -The Joker
"Amen to that. I had to pull approx. 1000 yards on Monday because my pinky toe nail was being weird. That has sucked immensely the past few days as my arms go all ""LOL, I worked hard for a practice now I'm not going to work well for few days"" on me. And I had shin splints yesterday.

I forgot my copy of TFIOS on my desk today."
It's all about that senioritis
My math teacher started talking about sewage today... O_O.
snails have teeth :3
Make sure you all actually click submit on online college applications before asking your guidance dept to send out your transcripts/letters because if you don't your transcripts/letters will be lost in cyberspace and will never skip off into the sunset with your application. #collegenight #importantreminders
"I am giving up lesiurely internet use and the use of my Nook and computer for fun this weekend.
And I got the Lost Books today!"
"I am completely exhausted, and I still have a football game today to play at.
This is the first time I've actually wanted to sleep in...actually, I don't even know how long."
LOL, when I read this, your sig said "Physics Never Sleeps."
"This is win.

In other news, the popular video game Halo 4 comes out at Nov. 6"
I am rereading the Circle Series before I read the Lost Books, and I can't belive I forgot how amazing Black was.
My first full color guard performance was tonight. I killed two of my toes but I got a stuffed rabbit from my secret sis!
"Color guard AND swimming? -phew- No wonder you're exhausted!

I don't even remember how I found this, but: is this the coolest, or is this the coolest? 20 Hz"
"Yaaaay! I was going to go to Eastview's marching band home show (I can't remember if Apple Valley goes to that but I think they do), but then family stuff got in the way, so I couldn't.

I fly out for college tomorrow! Hey, quiz and EAST, how's home treating you two? trololol"
"Hahaha, this is so funny: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BUS6nKpddec

On the other had, don't click if you have not sense of humor or intolerant to cussing."
Aaugh... my mom is making me practically finish an assignment due Friday TODAY.
Your mom underestimates your procrastination skills.
"Procrastination has gone through the roof this year, which sucks...because I'm a senior who hasn't decided where she wants to apply yet.

On another note, I'm getting sick of my friends complaining that they don't have dates to homecoming... it's going to be like this for a couple more weeks."
Gotta love that procrastination
"This.
Oh, Mountain Dew..."
I have a theory that those who particpate in spirit week (or at least want to) are in general the ones who do better in school.
"Go in a group.
Cedavis6 wrote:
I have a theory that those who particpate in spirit week (or at least want to) are in general the ones who do better in school.
I don't know, most people I know that are successful don't so it."
Pff. Definitely not true at my school.
I did say in general...
"Yeah, I know. I'm just saying that at my school, it's not true.

Maybe it's because my school has horrible spirit ideas, though."
Same here. I remember in middle school almost all the kids in honors geometry (highest math course for 8th graders) would rather just stay in the math room and talk than go to the gym for "fun" spirit activities.
"Hm... Maybe it may be just for my school?
This year our school is having a car contest."
Haha, definitely not a positive correlation at my school either. It's homecoming week at my school, and I have a feeling almost none of the kids in my classes will bother with the dress-up days, except on pajama day XD
What do you have against the gummi worms in the whipped cream, huh?
"I'd say a good chunk of the students at my school at least want to participate... Crud, how am I supposed to dress Italian, though?
Spirit days:
Mon. Pj day
Tue. Twin day
Wed. Superhero day (Theme of homecoming)
Thu. Salad Dressing day (Themed off Salad dressings by grade):
Freshman: Italian
Sophmore: Blue Cheese
Junior: 1000 Island
Senior: Ranch
Fri. Purple and Gold day (School colors)"
Sometimes, I wonder what the folks who came up with this stuff were thinking...dress in nthe colors? Oranges, browns, whatever color Italian dressing is...
"I went to homecoming my freshman year because my friends dragged me along, and I have to say going in a group wasn't terrible, as we were all dateless and I always will be :P. (Note that I didn't say it was fun, just...non-terrible.)

And yeah, I'm cringing and waiting for my newsfeed to start blowing up with homecoming drama. I must say though, whoever plans the dates for homecoming is either oblivious or slightly evil - it's the same day as the PSAT this year, and it was the same day as the SAT last year. XD

I just wish that I didn't have the game and parade the night before...marching band is exhausting and I'm not sure how badly that'll affect me on the PSAT the next morning..."
Lucky me, our school didn't have a homecoming dance! I doubt many people would have gone anyway.
Homecoming Dance for my school was shut down due to "dirty dancing" before I even got there (dodged a bullet there, all I have to worry about is prom...but that's months away, right? ). They tried themed dances, but nobdy went to those so they stopped them. All we have now is the pep rally and the game. I went to the pep rally last year, and it was awful: sitting in an immensely hot gym of shouting apes...not fun. I won't be doing that again, most likely. As for the game itself, have a volleyball game that night, so I'll miss all of the festivities and such, and most of the game. What a shame .
Tell me about it
Pajama day is the best! Roll out of bed, go to school. And now at college, every day is like that!
What is it about English that makes me procrastinate on everything reading/annotation related until the last minute. I just can't work on it This sucks.
Y'know, I've actually really enjoyed the last few English classes I've taken, and even though I always intend to put plenty of effort into them, I still do exactly the same thing as you. XD
"Procrastination. BREAK THE CYCLE

ROWR/GRRR

GODS GRANT ME WILLPOWER

OH, have MERCY on my POOR soul...please, by your love, take away my free will, let me have peace...

Sorry, I'm just going crazy... anther verse to the Procrastinator's Lament."
Are you doing the nonfiction read, annotate, and response? My class is doing that.
We're doing that in class, I'm talking about the fiction we had to read and annotate for homework(of mice and men, the scarlet letter, catch-22).
and you all thought the site was down.
It's spotty, I have it, and if you use the sites IP address it's up, but not everyone's name servers have updated tenets new IP yet, so not everyone'll be back till tomorrow.
I made it around the world in xkcd
"So, I get back from school, I go to organise my room a bit, and my mum decides to surprise me by coming back home early...while some really loud rock music is blaring from my computer.

And I just say, ""Um, mum...I'm just listening to some music that my friend sent me..."""
"It's spirit week at my school, right? So I guess yesterday was sports day, and I just found out that my brother went to school wearing his Science Olympiad shirt... LOL.
I laughed for a good 10 minutes upon finding that out. Hahaha xD"
Props. I tried going through the tunnels into the Earth and eventually gave up.
"It's club rush at my school, so me and about 10 other hard core science olympians who have no life just stay in the the coach's room.
Fun times..."
Congrats, Alpha!
"So progress reports came out yesterday...
And my lowest grade was a 100.0%.

Just goes to show how incredibly rigorous the AL curriculum is.
If you did not see the sarcasm in that, then I am sorry, I cannot help you."
I'm currently horribly lost in these tunnels...
"Latin homework takes FOREVER. Like, 8 hours. I confuse those participles bad

Hmm I can't seem to be near the phone when my conductor calls. I really want to know re-audition results..."
"I have my homework next to me right now... I'm on the same chapter (do you use the book Ecce Romani 2: Third Edition?). My teacher tells us that our grade is almost certain to drop a letter grade.

Use bad as the adverb."
Some of you (*cough* Koko) are going to get a great laugh out of this but I'm not going to homecoming this year.
"Something to light up this election season:

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hX1YVzdnpEc

Moral: What you say can be skewed in anyway. No point in playing the ""he said she said"" game..."
"There is something anout the fact that the symbol for the Republican Party being an elephant and the symbol for the Democratic Party being a donkey to be very humorous.

Gah, I wish political parties didn't exist. At first they were fine with the strict and loose viewings of the constitution, but now it's vote for me ' cuz I'm not Republican/ Democrat. I still don't know the difference between the two main parties are.

And George Washington warned against politcal parties."
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WEymNcIHpvc
I hope I get a part in the school play, I will find out Monday if I did. I think I'm gonna get a minor part, because freshmen don't usually get major roles.
"Guess what guys!

You can comment on images in the gallery.

Just thought that may be interesting to people."
"^You can? o_O.

I procrastinated so much today.. >_< Even more than I usually do, which is a lot. Now I have to do two science lab write ups, a 'newspaper', a bunch of matrices problems for math, and like 20 questions on that book My Brother Sam is Dead. Gahhh."
"Anatidaephobia

THE DUCKS ARE WATCHING US!!!
Be afraid, be very afraid..."
Matrices...bad memories...an easy topic of course, but I forgot my calculator on the day of my matrice test, so I had to write out and multiply/divide all of them by hand...I only got through half the test, as we only had one class period. Only test I've ever failed.
Batteries in my calculator died in the middle of a test last year. I guess the low battery power warning means I should've replaced them a few months earlier.
I'm almost done with my gigantic SO poster to hang in my school. So excited for Wednesday/Thursday!
"So now even going to Athens is up in the air...ah money issues, and it's only going to get worse from here on out as the school tries to cut more corners in the budget...

And yet the school still has the money to buy laptops and iPads and other such things (I think they threw out the old laptops, which were a slight pain to use but at least still functional) >:| Really, can you not send 15 students to an academic competition that will further their interests in science, instead of buying one or two pieces of fancy technology that aren't even really that necessary...

I know I'm kvetching and complaining, but I'm quite annoyed with this matter right now."
Your school funded scioly? We have a ton of fund raiser and donations and such, but we get no help from the school. They even require that we use vendors on their approved list, but we have to pay for it all with our own money. When we go to nats they have to book the flights, but we pay...
My sisters are giving me dating advice... I didn't even ask for any, and they're in first and fourth grade.
I assume it's all really stupid? (No offense to your sisters. I mean that elementary schoolers shouldn't have much knowledge about dating.)
"They said to start dating once I got a car...
Could be useful to someone..."
I changed my avatar to something 20% cooler. Haha xD
"I didn't get a role in the play.
I didn't do bad (in fact, the woman in charge said she enjoyed my audition), it's just that freshmen usually get minor parts, anyway, and there are like 20 roles in this play."
I just walked out of my school scioly room today... we were going to do diagnostic testing this year and the coach made a test that was entirely different than what us 'officers' has talked about, when I tried to tell her we started yelling about it... sigh.
I received a book autographed by the author in the mail today.
"Anatidaephobia is my new favorite word!
The fear of a duck watching you...

Oh, and I lost the Game..."
How about hippopotomonstrosesquipedaliophobia?
Because ducks are scarier than long words...
my daily random comment
Not sure if this was part of the article but it's funny how there's an Aflac ad xD

"I hate AP English 11
or maybe its just the teacher..."
"Lemme guess; Les Misirebles?

it's probably spelled wrong but yeah"
Exactly.
"I'm sorry to inform you of this...
But the author of Les Miserables...
IS DEAD
He has been dead for over 100 years. HE IS VERY, VERY DEAD."
Is that a MLP reference? I can't tell from your avatar.
Just wait, it'll take 10 seconds flat.
I can't believe I'm getting these, I'm not sure what to do now.
"Yeah it is; but my avatar is something completely different. It's the Smosh symbol, lol.
A Person wrote:
mnstrviola wrote:
A Person wrote:
Is that a MLP reference? I can't tell from your avatar.
Just wait, it'll take 10 seconds flat.
I can't believe I'm getting these, I'm not sure what to do now.
HAHA, you should be proud."
"I had to explain to one of my swimming buddies today the reasons behind Harry receiving the invisibility cloak, the Triwizard Tournament and Kreacher. And when I hanged my SO poster from the Mez I accidentally covered a volley ball poster, but no one has commented on it yet.

But I had a dentist appointment today and then proceeded to sit in a chair for two hours identifying plants."
"My school hasn't given me the forms for National Merit yet... and the deadline is in two weeks. :/ Called NMSC and they said they sent back in August, so I have no idea what the hell is going on. If I can't turn my application in on time, I will be very, very, very upset.

Pretty sure I failed my AP Chem and AP Physics tests today, too."
"Oh nooo at least once you get it, it doesn't take that long to fill out (the essay question is pretty standard, so if you have anything written for the common app/another school, you can probably easily modify it for this). Even though the deadline is in two weeks, my counselor made me turn the whole thing in yesterday :T

Also, I feel ya on the AP science tests... my Physics C teacher grades on a really nice curve - the square root of your original percentage is your final score - but even with that the test average must have been around an 80% >_>"
Pink Wednesday!
We talked about Portal 2 in Latin today.
"We talked about a kid failing today: he missed a week of Participles, by going to Disney.

Have you gone over Participles yet?"
I went around and delivered workbooks to the Spanish and German teachers, Latin IV ftw
still can't fall asleep... and I actually did all my homework I said I was going to d otonight too... I would have thought my body would let me sleep, but of course it hasn't complied.
Gah, I hate when that happens.
Okay, due to my Latin system set up by my teacher, I have to obey you now. Latin IV > Latin II
"I wish my school had Latin T_T

Seriously thinking about starting a Quidditch team at my school in the spring."
"DO IT. I did at our school (with the help of a partner) and it was fun, even though we didn't compete against other schools and it was a bit of work setting it all up and stuff. It was a lot of fun, and it's also mildly impressive when you get to college and you can say you played Quidditch in high school.

Just remember: NO TACKLING in high school."
For my French I journal entry today (related to What would you do with 100 Euros at a mall?), I went in broke, stole 100 euros from some lady, bought two different shoes, paid to be a mannequin in a store window, then left.
I'm in Science Olympiad class right now!
A part of me wishes that a spambot would have a username like yours. I would almost be tempted not to ban them. (ALMOST)
Alas, it is true that you should never build something up in your mind, because than it seems to never happen.
Yay, SO starts Tuesday!!!!!!!
^ SO starts on Monday for me!
SO starts in a month...
We started last week
"Today, our school had a blood drive. I found the descriptions of it to be vaugely humorous...
It also poses the question of what would happen if some guy got a hold of the Lost Books of History and touched a random person's blood from a blood drive to it...
Yes, I am reading the Lost Books now.
(Hopes Ted Dekker is reading this post)"
It's raining at our football game tonight, so the band directors told the woodwinds we could go home, but brass and percussion had to stay and play for the game. So happy to be a woodwind tonight, and not having to sit outside in the freezing rain while watching our football team lose.
"My school's football team is actually 3-1 so far this year, compared to 1-something for the past six or so years. It was getting so bad, last year at homecoming they celebrated the 25th anniversary of the last time they made it to the section championship game. No guarantee this year about breaking that streak but we'll see on Friday.

I had no school today so I listened to K-Pop"
Ha! We're 6-0 tonight! YEAH BUDDY
"Hm, hasn't rained at one of our games yet...threatened to rain last week, but it was bloody hot instead. And for us, pit doesn't play when it rains, because no one wants to spend half an hour cleaning out the resonators on the vibes >.> Not sure about woodwinds, but I don't think they play either.

But ah, so much stuff goes wrong in pit...today the windchimes just fell straight off the stand, the upper row on the actual chimes kinda fell off one end (and were fixed using the chime mallet as a hammer >.>), I dropped a suspended cymbal, and a kid broke a crash cymbal (though to be fair, it was already broken and he just finished it off). Honestly, I think every major piece of pit equipment has been broken or nearly broken in some way this season..."
"It rained at our homecoming tonight... not to bad, but just enough that the woodwinds had to case their instruments before we could play the show after the game

Oh, and we're so far 4-0 this year, and the only undefeated team in the district(we've got 8 highschools), we made it to playoffs last year, we hope we can make it back to state this year."
We finally got our first win last night, at the homecoming game. It was pretty much a perfect night for it. We do our show after the homecoming game, and the football team always stays on the field and watches us, cheers us on. Classy group.
Týpíñg wîth âççêñt§ îß fùñ;
Quizbowl tomorrow!!! I'm so excited, it'll be my first time at UC Berkeley
And hopefully your last... 21 days until the Big Game
"Ah, Standford and Berkeley rivalry xD

My English teacher was from UC Berkeley, and one guy on the first day of school came in with a Standford shirt. He is going to regret it the rest of the school year haha"
"Lol, it's weird because I think that both Berkeley and Stanford are awesome colleges, but in their own ways.

Stanford is just amazing; the campus is beautiful! And the fountains... haha xD.

Berkeley has it's own little charm to it, I guess. I don't know how to explain it, but I feel really attached to the city itself. (Maybe I'm just weird.) xDD.
Make sure you bring a jacket or something, it's probably going to be really cold and windy."

"Phew, okay, good, one more step closer to sending in a college app. (I sent an email requesting an admission interview. Baby steps!)

Heh, and he even lives in California. There are no excuses. XD"
"We're like 0-3 at home this year... it's pretty sad. I think we're 1-5 overall or something? Not sure. We definitely don't have more than 1 win though, if we have 1.

Last night we were down by 3 points and there were 23 seconds on the clock and we were like 2nd and goal and it was homecoming and it seemed poised for a Hollywood finish. Quarterback gets free, throws a pass into the endzone... interception.

Good game.

(also not going to homecoming was AWESOME)"
Mnstr, whenever you see this, how did you do?
"In my dream last night, Dora tried to get an app on her phone. It was one of those phones with the buttons on the box, so she started banging the phonepiece against the box.

My dreams are weird, to say the least."
"We got 2nd to last, but I managed to get some decent buzzes. Here's my favorite:

""According to Kesha, in her song Tik Tok, she will only pick up guys who---""
*BZZT ""Mick Jagger!""


It's actually kind of funny, because I'm not supposed to know these kinds of songs xD



Also, obvious fact, but Berkeley has a lot of hobos.
Also also, the Stanford thing was obviously a typo. the ""d"" and ""f"" key are so close. Really!"
"Just. LOL.

Also hooray, Season two of Once Upon a Time starts tonight! ;D"
"First thing I'm gonna say when I walk into SO tomorrow:
""I lost the game!""
You're welcome."
Sigh, my performances in the jazz band must have Louis Armstrong spinning in his grave...
Are any of you given Webassign problems every night for physics? So tedious, or sometimes deceptively easy >_>
I do, but it's only been one week, so I'm withholding judgment for now.
"Quidditch was a lot of fun last year, unfortunately I am not certain it will go on this year...
I hate English..."
"So I'm in band class, warming up on my flute. The band director comes over and tells me that the choir director wants to talk to me, and I'm like, ""O.o""
An hour later, the choir director walks in. This is what happens.
Choir director: I need to talk to <foreverphysics>.
Band director: <foreverphysics>!
Me: ...yes?
Choir director: I want you to do something.
Me: What?
Choir director: Here's a choir piece. There's a violin part in it, and I want you to play it.
Me (wondering just how she knows I play violin because I've seen the lady twice and talked to her never): Uh, okay.
Choir director: The concert is next Tuesday.
Me: ...
Choir director: Perfect the piece by Thursday. I need to rehearse it with my class.
Me: ...
Choir director: I know it's short notice, but I need you to do this.
Me: ...okay.

So now I'm stuck doing a violin piece for a teacher I don't even know. On violin. For the choir. Given to me during band. And 2 days to perfect it, whee!"
Is it a slower piece, or a fast energetic one?
My "terrible idea" alarm is going off: http://www.weather.com/news/weather-win ... s-20121001
Fast-ish, considering the tempo is 96 and all the notes are eighth notes or above.
Those are some cool storms! Like a huge combination of all my favourite characters
So... you have the equipment guy from James Bond, a cartoon bear from Jellystone, a little clownfish with a lucky fin, and a whiny parrot. How very intimidating.
Nemo just went from cute fish to deadly menace.
"Actually, Q represents a subway line. And look at the description for Yogi: People who do yoga.

Terrifying."
I never trusted subways. Or people doing yoga.
Oh, I didn't see that there was an actual article beyond the picture... that's even less scary.
In the spring I plan on starting a team up
"Nemo can be translated into ""no one"". So storm ""no one"" caused a problem.

Also: ""Finding Nemo"" = ""Finding No One"""
Line 4 of my siggy. I that movie!
I like Dorothy from that movie, especially in the Jellyfish scene xD
*coughDory*
"I love the seagulls... ""mine, mine, mine.""

In fact, I was annoying my friends by constantly repeating that phrase over and over today XD"
"forever, have fun with that piece. I once had to play an oboe solo after I broke my arm... It was interesting with the suit on as well

This sounds so awesome! I am so happy with this! Though it will be interesting to see how the populus reacts to this.

Oh, so in the Tim Lambert BSA Memorial 5k on last saturday, I won the entire race with a time of 18:34!"
Our team had its first meeting today...super excited to be meeting the new 6th, 7th and even some 8th graders!
The debate was interesting to watch. I'm not sure what the analyzers were talking about when they said Obama seemed rusty and Romney has the advantage. Romney was being absolutely rude about going over his time limits. Setting that aside, I enjoyed how Obama gave specifics and direct examples. Romney gave few and simply more of what he's been giving us the past few months: nonspecificity.
I don't usually like (read: I hate) talking politics, but I also watched the debate and have to say Obama missed a lot of opportunities for rebuttal/clarification - I think part of what led the analyzers to give Romney the advantage is that he sounded confident when counterarguing (though, like you said, if you listened to what he was saying, there were a lot of empty words). The debate as a whole was a little hard to follow, both candidates jumped around from topic to topic too quickly to say enough substantial about many of them.
...that's politics. Get the talking points and sound bites out, talk in circles and skirt around important issues, etc.
...Which is why I don't like talking politics XD
I was half watching it and half looking at the CNN political stuff and I thought Romney was a better speaker even if what he was saying was inaccurate.
"Ugh, I usually don't follow politics either, but I had to today as it was for a homework assignment. I just finished watching around half of it, and I think I'm going to stop, as it's getting late , but; yes, I agree. Romney sounded super confident, but everything he was saying was crud. Obama stuttered a lot, and took time to gather himself when asked a direct question, whereas Romney just BSed and answered quickly and confidently. They both avoided answering questions on topics like taxes, and such, and they always changed the topic.

This caused Romney to seem more confident, appeared Obama distracted and confused the whole time.

I laughed when Romney said that he wanted to cut PBS because the debate was being filmed on that network.
Don't get me wrong, I like Big Bird!
Yeah... LOL. xD

And this is why I don't like politics. >_>"
"Both candidates really ignored the time limits; the moderator hardly had any control over the debate. Sounds to me like you're looking for a reason to dislike Romney ;) Both candidates had their moments.

I watched the second half of the debate, and it seemed clear to me Romney had an upper hand over Obama. (It just means Romney prepared more, it's not as if a majority of their speeches were impromptu. And I know Obama's a better speaker than this, it was disappointing) I'm skeptical any of this matters, though. Most voters have already made up their minds, and I'm not sure how much the debates will sway the undecided group. Romney will have to be this dominant or more in the rest of the debates to win the election, and I'm not sure that he can be.

As for my preference: Go third-party candidates!"
"How bout it not watching it at all? (I did hear some from the background of the TV) From what I heard, both people were talking ""much ado about nothing.""

Personally, I agree with Obama that we should both raise taxes and cut spending. Moderation, yay.

Z for President!"
"Z for president? O.o scary thought

RandomPerson for president!"
this was very true, as they both went well over the limits. As I understood, Obama also was pretty rude, though I did not have an opportunity to actually watch the debate. Unfortunately, none of the candidates that are not Romney or Obama hold my view or are large enough to actually win ( If I could vote.).
Jim_R beats both of them.
Keep in mind, I spend my school day around staunchly Democratic debate kids. We agreed today that Romney was visually dominant, and let's face it, we're a visual society, so he won that way. However, Romney flip-flopped on a lot of topics and wasn't really talking about his platform in-depth. Obama won on depth.
"Actually, visually, Romney lost miserably.

Obama's tie had an amazing dimple (like honestly when I wasn't yelling at the screen for them both being morons when discussing the federal deficit I was obsessing over how great it was), Obama's suit was cut better in the shoulder, Obama's lapels didn't get sucked into the suit because of the stitching on the ends (idk what that stitching is called...it has a name, darn).

(Be more careful with word choice.)"
"The strange thing is that Obama did not go in and strafe Mitt Romney like he could have. The lack of specifics, Cayman Islands, outsourcing, flip flopping, all of those things Obama could have used to attack Mitt, but he didn't.

I believe there are two reasons for this: number one, American voters are ""tired"" of the repeated attacks. (However, I'm sure most people would actually care less) Number two, I believe the Obama team is thinking ahead on this one. Most likely they will have Joe Biden go in and turn on the arsenal on Mitt Romney during the vice presidential debate, then Obama will come in during the second presidential debate and blast Romney apart.

The foreign policy debate will likely be a simple one for Obama - his foreign policy has been quite good."
47%.... Why wouldn't he say 47%?
I nominate winneratlife for "most fashion forward"
"I don't know if this is a good strategy. I feel like Biden is going to get destroyed by Ryan in the V.P. debate. It's Obama that has to come out and take the shots if he wants to win.
liutony66 wrote:
The foreign policy debate will likely be a simple one for Obama - his foreign policy has been quite good.
Foreign policy has taken a backseat in this election. It doesn't even matter at this point. Americans are concerned about the economy, and that's what this election will be won and lost on. If Romney can convince voters that his plan will work, I think he has a real shot at winning. But even if foreign policy was an issue, Romney could gain an advantage by talking about the lack of progress in rogue states like Iran and North Korea, as well as China (which is not a rogue state but is, like the other two, a country that comes up most often in the news). Obama may have a good record in other countries, and Romney may have absolutely nothing, but all it would take is a simple ""He hasn't done enough in the countries you're most scared of"" to turn this around.

I do feel like Obama adopted a fairly okay strategy for the first debate: Stay above the fray, test the water. Unfortunately for him, it backfired when Romney came out shooting. Obama will definitely go after Romney in their next debate.

EDIT: It was noted yesterday on chat the Romney's flag pin was bigger than Obama's. Obama may have been more fashion-forward, but Romney was more American fashion-forward. He wanted it more."
"But his had a weird black spot on it that bugged me.

LOL, you guys took the wrong perspective on 'visual' I meant that he was calmer and addressed Obama directly, thus appearing the better of the two.

I'm going canoeing tomorrow and I'm pumped."
This post is legit.
I saw "My Strange Addiction" today in Health class, and it was nasty. However, it was hilarious seeing everyone's reaction to the video.
"Strange Addiction" just creeps me out. I've started enjoying Hot Set though.
We got our ranks mailed home today . It's weird knowing that after I take the Math II test tomorrow that I'll be done with Standardized testing...that along with knowing my gpa and rank just takes a HUGE chunk away from the stress related to the college admissions process...now onto the supplements
Dr. Seuss's Green Eggs and Ham only uses the word the when speaking of the rain. And that is only refrenced to maybe four times.
Three out of five days of my weekend involve some sort of chess.
Where does one acquire a five day weekend?
As a holiday. I'm currently having a 4 day one.
LOL!!!!!!!!
My team has more then 15 people signed up When my friend told me I started freaking out and almost hit people with my flags.
In two weeks for us, actually
"Like A Person, I have one right now which explains Cheesy's too, since she's in the same school district as me.

I am not sorry to say I legitimately laughed out loud at the RedShirt pic."
"I hate those awards hahahahaha

Also I am not a girl.

I see that I have been brought up to be accused in the assassination games, what part of RETIRED do people not understand?"
I just thought I should point out how much I laughed after the star trek reference
I laughed at that too
I yelled at the guy for that. He happened to be my teammate, so I had the chance to heartily lecture him on the meaning of the word "retired".
Updating my kanji spreadsheet I made over the summer to show my Japanese teacher is a pain the butt.
"Got a 95 on my Physics C test, even though I stayed after for extra time and my teacher said by doing so there'd be a point deduction and it wouldn't be possible to get an A.
WIN"
"""shows"" is a singular verb while ""show"" is a plural verb

mind = blown

English is a MESSED UP language."
"Actually, most verbs ending in ""s"" like that are singular.

""The shark eats"" vs. ""The sharks eat""
""The plant grows"" vs. ""The plants grow""
""The moderator bans"" vs. ""The moderators ban""
etc, etc."
And mind blows once more. Today, everything I know about "s" is shattered. "s" makes plural nouns and singular verbs. Wow. Just wow. How come nobody pointed this out in all the years I've been in school?
"Today we reviewed (or learned, depending on the person) passive vs. active verbs and how they apply to writing creatively or technically. Then we went through a whole exercise about showing vs. telling a reader what is going on. All of this was done by using different ways to describe how a velociraptor killed a person, complete with scale illustration of the size of a human vs. a velociraptor. I love my school.

And I have to bring my formal band dress to school tomorrow for a clinic picture. Gargh."
"Aren't you like 15 or something? And your grammar's never been anything less than exemplary, really, so this is a bit astounding to me that you don't know that rule...

EDIT: (for complaint reasons only) There are moments when you want to hurl Tchaikovsky and Paganini right across the room and use the Viotti to beat them up. It is that bad. I love how the pieces sound. I just can't bloody well play them right.
And then you start playing the fiddle part for Shady Grove and go, ""Wow, this is...really easy.""
*sigh*
No one around here plays violin anymore."
"I watched the debate. In my opinion, it was a joke. Obama did not go after Romney on 47%, Bain, or Romney's ridiculously (and artificially) low tax return. Half the time he spent agreeing with him. Of course a lot of what Romney was saying was physically impossible or amazingly contradictory (how do you cut taxes on everyone while not cutting taxes on rich people is beyond me.) Obama didn't call him out on that whatsoever.

Another point telling of the debate's ridiculousness (and Lehrer's incompetence), was that Romney got every single last word. Every single one. Which of course gives him an unfair advantage.

I'm not sure about Biden. I'm hoping he does better than Obama did, and actually trades some barbs. Then again, he may just decide to buckle From what I understand, he's not that great of a debater"
Your name only makes it hurt more. But to be honest, I never really paid attention to the rule until I did it in class, instead I just used common sense. But when I joined Latin, I feel as if I know everything.
"So around the House area there's a hip-level wall on one side that we set our journals on to be checked, and the Mr. Haisting (the AP World teacher) calls 'my wall'. He'll yell at people who are sitting on it to get of 'his wall'. Apparently last year a kid brought in over 200 knight figurines and placed them there with a sign saying something along the lines of 'These knights protect Mr. Haisting's wall from Biology'. Well, the AP Bio teacher got really mad and told the kid unless they were gone by Friday he'd fail the kid from House (That's half his grade). He did, but in order to prove the dominance over history over biology, someone created a picture of a Walleye with a knight riding it.

The biology teacher doesn't what the walleye picture means, and we're all getting shirts with the picture on it. I'm so excited!"
"For thoese of you who are annoyed by YOLO:

This is what it actually means."
I saw that a few weeks ago.... To clear up a lot of confusion, the person on the left with a Xbox controller is most likely controlling a robot somewhere. The eyepiece he has on also reinforces this. This is part of the Future Combat Systems project by the US Military. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Future_Force_Warrior Correct me if I'm wrong. Also the reason they have orange tips is because this is most likely MOUT training.
I'm proud of our military. That is really YOLO.
Acutally, this is yolo, http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reflecting_telescope#Yolo , thanks paradox... or was it syo...
Additionally, Yolo County Bomb Range is where Mythbusters does all/most/some of their bomb testing. (Speaking of Mythbusters, I didn't get into the Mythbusters class, but I have friends who did... they visited the set the other day and Jamie Hyneman is coming to talk to the class in a couple weeks.)
Lol the entire time I was just waiting to ask how jealous you were until I saw the link
"Problem: I had three different books that I kept meaning to read in my spare time.
Solution: I now have four different book that I am trying to read simultaneously..."
Yes. Yes. Yes yes yes.
"The amount of spam from bots that we have received lately is astronomical...

EDIT: Grammar and sentence flow... >.<"
"My grammar is pretty bad, as you've pointed out yourself but I try, you know, for like ACT and stuff. It's just for the longest time in my life I've always thought a ""s"" suffix makes EVERYTHING plural. cat --> cats, box --> boxes
foreverphysics wrote:
No one around here plays violin anymore.
I still do! But I still strum along Vivaldi's Concertos and some Solos for Young Violinists pieces hope revelation shall make not superior violinists frown upon me
A Person wrote:
Your name only makes it hurt more.

As for the origin of my name, I was going to be ""EpicFailScienceOlympian,"" but it was way too long. I then just shortened it down to ""EpicFailOlympian."" So yeah...now I just think it's kinda kiddish...""efo"" is fine...

Yay, finally got rules! Wow, Robot Arm looks REALLY complicated - good thing we have a team of builders that takes care of that!"
"hey my grsmmra is btter thna anoynses

EDIT: Removed some of the capital letter that made it look like good grammar. I apologize for the inconvenience."
mien ar bettr then yoors evar wil
yarrr
/me is jealous of the perfect grammar displayed on the previous posts.
so, what did everyone think about the debate last night? I personally thought Biden did a pretty good job).
This post is more legit than mathdino's posts.
I realized just now that the first post on page 900 has horrible grammar/spelling.... and it's mine.
What? No, it's perfect! :P
"I should make a website of all the crazy things I've said.
""It tastes like Christmas!"""
Thats a bad thing: All plants associated with Christmas are toxic, I believe.
"Everything's toxic in large enough amounts >.>

In other news (I never thought I'd be saying this), thank you AP Lang. I finally have an excuse to read again..."
What books are you reading?
Meh, AP Lang...we're currently learning about argument, but the presidential/vice presidential debates have not been discussed at all >.<
Everyone hates getting involved with politics... right?
"It was a drink made from rice...
And yes, I hate discussing politics."
We're currently reading To Kill a Mockingbird, which in my opinion is good but not great - it's just not really my type of literature. But hey, it's something to read.
Hmm, that's funny... I didn't think TKAM was an AP Lang type of book. (We read it freshman year along with Huck Finn, A Separate Peace, etc.) Our teacher made a point to rarely have us read fiction. (What we did read wasn't boring... except for Walden XD)
Ditto. We read TKMB when we were freshmen too, along with 1984, Fahrenheit 451, and The Book Thief.
"Ah, I envy your English department's reading choices, EFO. I've read Fahrenheit 451 and The Book Thief and I loved both of them (1984 was ehhh).

My year's a ""transition year"" between two different styles of curricula, so things are a little weird. Freshman year we read The Hunger Games (best summer reading ever), Night, and TOTC, along with The Lottery and The Cask of Amontillado for short stories. Last year was Animal Farm, Macbeth, Jonathan Swift (A Modest Proposal and part of Gulliver's Travels) and then a bunch of Romanticism, which I hated.

I have no idea what we're supposed to be reading this year other than TKAM and probably quite a bit of nonfic, but I believe summer reading for AP Lit is A Thousand Splendid Suns, which I'm looking forward to (re)reading."
I hate writing essays about something you can hardly relate to...
Same chia. We read TKAM 8th grade... We'll be reading 1984 this year.
"We have to write a college essay. In eighth grade.
I...don't know how to proceed."
Oh I have to write one comparing two different colleges of our choice. Is that what you mean? >_> It has to be like 20-30+ pages.
"...WHY would they DO that do you? D: I had no idea where I'd be applying in 8th grade besides the flagship state school...
thehydrogenpoptart wrote:
We have to write a college essay. In eighth grade.
I...don't know how to proceed.
Sometimes I'm not quite sure how to, either... and my first deadline is in three weeks. -_-"
Who thinks that it's a good idea to have 3 day weekends every week and just have about one and a half months of summer? Same days, just distributed differently. The agricultural reason for a summer break has looong disappeared, and I can have more time procrastinating and doing my homework.
Ughhhhg I remember that. I was gonna do Stanford and UC Davis, but someone (you know him) picked those two already so I did MIT and UCSF. I think my longest two paragraphs were on the food options at each campus because that was the only thing that I could actually talk about
Ugggh, I know! And lol, I have no idea what I'm going to do. Thankfully, it's not assigned yet so I have some time to think about it.
"I had to write about social networking... I don't social network. (NO THIS IS NOT A SOCIAL NETWORK!) Dang, the college thing must be hard. I have two colleges picked regarding that, but comparing them? ...I would hate that.

Off topic, but have any of you seen ""The Twilight Zone""?"
"Is that your annotate and response? I did one about SNS a few weeks ago.

My class chose to read Great Expectations over TKAM today, to get it over with."
"Nothing's off topic on YDRC

But yes, I've seen a handful of episodes by virtue of an 8th grade teacher with a bordering-on-unhealthy admiration of Rod Serling and his work."
"I'd love to see a Twilight Zone musical. (There's a Harry Potter musical, so I don't think it's that crazy sounding. )
Rod Serling is awesome."
"Whoa..that legitimately sounds terrible. I'd have even more trouble with that than the one we have right now. By college essay, I mean a college admissions essay where they give you a prompt and you have a write a personal narrative and all. We only have five choices though, and I really don't fancy any of them enough to write a really. really good essay.

And LOL mnstr at the food thing, I think I would resorting to do that too because it's not exactly like you can compare two colleges without visiting them, and I doubt that most eighth graders visit colleges. Californians sure are strange"
This was my first post on YDRC... sigh...
"Yes, and it is my favorite television show (just look at my location). I consider the show to be Rod Serling's study into the human soul.

With the To Kill a Mockingbird discussion, my class (English 1) is going to be reading it this year (although we are currently reading Anthem).

On a side note, I've noticed that I don't post very much considering that I try my best to keep up with the forums."
Gah, so much to do, so little time. Packing for a band trip, writing an analysis on lake data, catching up on various quizzes, baking cookies, a math test... and it continues.
"Sounds like some people don't have great expectations for that book.
http://instantrimshot.com/classic/?sound=rimshot"
"Twilight zone's great.
just finished Huck Finn... on to Gatsby!"
"IKR I LOVE TWILIGHT ZONE (and so does my LA teacher)

I can only not post this... in the Twilight Zone."
Oh, Mr. Bey... fun times indeed XD
"The Google Doodle yesterday was awesome.
Screenshot"
"I know... And he even tolerated my inventing a new word in a timed writing
And sometimes we have discussions on our mutual hate of Sodexo."
PSAT tomorrow...the sad part is I really don't care. It just means I don't have to go to my morning classes.
Gah, so not ready for it... At least I get an hour-long study hall I wouldn't normally have.
"PSAT? Psht, I have to take it in about 30 minutes. So, in those thirty minutes, what am I doing?
I am browsing scioly and correcting an astro test."
"Definitely better use of time than studying for the PSAT. On the day of, there's not much to do in the way of cramming for a standardized test (the way there was for, say, that MVC test I had in the last two days ).
I did practice by doing sample questions (it was important at least for me, I tend to make stupid mistakes through question misinterpretation and the like) though not 30 minutes beforehand XD"
"So today was the first meeting for the school musical, which is Annie. This is my first time doing it, so I'm kind of (actually, very) nervous about the try outs and all, but the first one is over a month away, so my priorities will be on SciOly for the time being.

Now, to find a song I can actually sing without ruining, because I don't exactly want to sing Happy Birthday for my audition..."
Sing the alphabet song
Don't be silly. It's impossible for Happy Birthday to sound good. :P
On the PSAT, have they always required cursive for the part where you "certify" your identity?
Yes. They do on the SAT and ACT, too, if I recall correctly. Everyone in my SAT room a couple Saturdays ago was complaining that they didn't know how to write in cursive anymore.
"My proctor told us cursive, I wrote the first clause in cursive and proceeded to handwrite the rest at a slant while connecting letters... close enough

and yes, I was fully embarrassed by the fact that it took me two or three tried before my s's stopped looking like d's"
They told us not to print it and I to write it in cursive and I just printed it. Considering we had 400 kids in the gym taking it, I'm betting half of them didn't do it.
"I never learned how to write in cursive so I just added curlicues to all my letters and called it good...same thing, right?
I didn't realize how much geometry I've forgotten. I sat there on the math portion trying to remember how to find angles and how circles worked. I definitely prefer calculus any day."
"*snort*
My school didn't tell us to write in cursive. They told us to just put it in our normal handwriting--and mine apparently looks like it could be a fancy Microsoft font.
Whee, screwy handwriting!"
"When the instructions specifically state ""Do not print."" It kinda implies that you should write it in cursive.
That took about 3 times longer than it should have to rewrite that.
It was by far the hardest part of the test."
...My handwriting isn't print. If you ever saw a photocopy of my notes...it's just about the farthest thing you can get from "print". It's not cursive, either--it's just a weird...handwriting...thing.
"...Why cursive? What's wrong with printing?
Not that I don't mind cursive, but still, why?"
The PSAT people want to make sure you know how to write. Fluently.
"I can write, it's legible. Fluently? I wouldn't say that.
*Me panics*"
"I think it's supposed to be some safeguard against cheating - compare your cursive to your signature, perhaps? (I don't think it's a very good comparison for me, since my signature is pretty stylized while my cursive is just crappy.)

And yeah, it takes me way longer than it should to copy that sentence in cursive (it's dang hard to write cursive with a dull pencil >.>), so I usually resort to a somewhat loopier/more connected form of my normal handwriting."
"Don't worry, the cursive is the hardest part of the test" -our procter.
"The hardest part is the boredom.
I would like to take the PSAT, I can't though, because in my school they're only offering it to sophmores and juniors..."
My procter spent the whole time on his phone, and none of the rest of them did anything to monitor us; most of the 650 kids in my class cheated off eachother.
"TIGERS ARE GOING TO THE WORLD SERIES!!!!
WHOOO!!!!"
Fix'd
"ASDFJKHFKDSF

/disgruntled Yankees fan"
Fix'd AGAIN
I want to play Physics Fiesta!
Cards won on a bull call in the WC game and u know it
"YANKEES ARE NOT GOING TO THE WORLD SERIES!!!!

That's the most important thing here."
+1
"TIGERS RULE!
And I'm not even a sports fan."
Which Tigers? Because that looks and sounds like Auburn.
"Fix'd. See you there, MrX
* - I don't even know"
"+1

Also it's been a while since I've been on here...haha"
Well, seeing as I'm from Michigan...
This was an accidental post. Have a gif.
^I have to admit, I laughed really hard upon seeing that, but it's most likely just because of how fake that gif looks.
"I volunteered at a recycling plant for our SO team!!
Also, some Hunger Games humour:
You have a 1 in 24 chance of survival! (Cannon boom) Make that 1 in 23.

Effie: I bet my buttons that was your sister! You didn't want her to steal all the glory, did ya?
Me: Effie, you have really bad observational skills...

Crud, that's all I can think of...
I<3 the Hunger Games."
Schobowl hilarious answer of the day: a kid on the other team accidentally answered "Taylor Swift" for a question. The actual answer was "Jonathan Swift."
Fix'd again.
Truth. Thanks!
"Whoa, someone other than me is awake and on scioly! News! Wondrous news!
In other news, I played way too much violin today (~5 hours, not counting breaks and whatnot). Now my shoulders hurt like crap."
More like "bored and on Pacific Time".
Oh nooo, why does the new Homestuck game always come out right when I don't have time to play it? :T
THE GIANTS ARE GOING TO THE WORLD SERIES!!111 And that is all.
"Yesterday at swim practice, I saw this girl I hadn't seen for maybe two months. She walks up to me, looks at me, and goes, ""You're pretty.""
Needless to say, I was a bit confused.
And swim practice has become insane. In the space of 70 minutes, we somehow manage a grand total of 145 laps. Which is just about 2 miles."
"Sorry I haven't been around a whole lot, college be busy! But I thought I'd share this gem with you all:

Tufts is a rather liberal place."
"The best of both worlds:

This will be epic. (Despite the... uh... less-than-epic name. Because seriously, ""Into Darkness""?)"
Gah... catching up on homework after a band trip sucks. I have an AP World essay to write, two chemistry packets to finish and a whole other chemistry assignment to do... and a lab to finish... There went my relaxing evening.
Fixed
"Got subject test scores back two seconds ago.
Very satisfied! I did a lot better on bio than expected... and I mean A LOT better."
"Nice! I just got my SAT scores back too, pretty pleased with a 90 point improvement from January's.

(edited because lol, obv. can't think straight in the morning XD)"
"Just two things for today.
1) Z's an admin?! What? When did this happen?!
2) It seems we finally have a Solon HS person on the forums."
I'd always wondered if there were any lurking about.
"Teacher tells you the next week there will be a pop quiz, and that you will not know when the quiz is until you arrive at school that day and get presented with the quiz.

So you think about it, and deduce that it can't be on Friday, since by the end of Thursday you'll know you haven't had a quiz yet, and so you'll know it is on Friday, but the teacher told you you wouldn't know until the day of, so Friday is out.

Now, similarly, it can't be on Thursday, since otherwise you'd know that on Wednesday. And so on, until you decide there is no pop quiz next week!
... I am conflicted."
We've always had some lurking around, just observing us.
"""The Cruise""
We were all on vacation on a cruise ship saling in the middle of the ocean. Early one morning there were 13 passengers on deck watching the sunrise. You plus the 12 others(see below). Susdenly the sky lit up and there was a huge explosion on the horizon. You suspect war has broken out and a nuclear bomb has been dropped. Seconds later a wall of water turns the ship on its side. Somehow the 13 of you have survived but there are only 2 lifeboats. A 1-man boat that you will use and a 6 man boat. 6 people must be left behind. Keep in mind two important considerations. It is entirely possible that the 6 people you choose to go in the lifeboat may by the only 6 peole left to start the human race over again; therefore this choice is very important.
1. Olympic Athlete-All sports
2. Policeman with a gun-they can't be seperated.
3.20 year old Black Army Soldier
4. A clergyman-50 yeras old.
5. An Architect- Homosexual
6. Bookkeeper-31 years old
7. His wife-6 months pregnant.
8. A 36 year old female physician unable to have children
9.Biochemist.
10.Hollywood Starlet-singer and dancer
11.Teacher with a wheel chair disability.
12. A 13 year old middle school student-Athlete
Which 6 would you choose and why?
*Got this from my health teacher*"
"Thats kinda what it means by ""Say hello to your newest overlord: zyzzyva98!""

What? Who is from Solon?"
"Hahaha, so I can't show up to Tufts and get binders full of women to go with my horses and bayonets? (I've been trying to stay away from too much politicking this election year, but I still know those quotes, lol)

Also, I think Obama's winning the election so far on ""smaller number of stupid things said"" >.>
chia wrote:
Nice! I just got my SAT scores back too, pretty pleased with a 900 point improvement from January's.
Congrats! I just got mine back too, after getting error messages the entire day, and I think it's safe to say I won't be taking the SAT again..."
I am sorry but you don't know that for sure. I don't think you are able to count all the stupid things both say. There is just too many to count. They both say a lot of stupid things.
At a science olympiad meeting
Tell forever I said hi! JK, but you can if you want to.
"I wasn't there. I'm not in freakin' Forestry. Never again. NEVER again will I attempt Forestry.
However, I am coaching Keep the Heat today...should be fun."
SO meeting next Tuesday! WHOO! Get to choose my events!
"So I assume the edit was to make it 90 instead of 900... because alpha quoted it as 900 and I was like ""WHAT""
AlphaTauri wrote:
chia wrote:
Nice! I just got my SAT scores back too, pretty pleased with a 900 point improvement from January's.
Congrats! I just got mine back too, after getting error messages the entire day, and I think it's safe to say I won't be taking the SAT again...
2400? I'm so proud :')
theriddler wrote:
""The Cruise""
We were all on vacation on a cruise ship saling in the middle of the ocean. Early one morning there were 13 passengers on deck watching the sunrise. You plus the 12 others(see below). Susdenly the sky lit up and there was a huge explosion on the horizon. You suspect war has broken out and a nuclear bomb has been dropped. Seconds later a wall of water turns the ship on its side. Somehow the 13 of you have survived but there are only 2 lifeboats. A 1-man boat that you will use and a 6 man boat. 6 people must be left behind. Keep in mind two important considerations. It is entirely possible that the 6 people you choose to go in the lifeboat may by the only 6 peole left to start the human race over again; therefore this choice is very important.
1. Olympic Athlete-All sports
2. Policeman with a gun-they can't be seperated.
3.20 year old Black Army Soldier
4. A clergyman-50 yeras old.
5. An Architect- Homosexual
6. Bookkeeper-31 years old
7. His wife-6 months pregnant.
8. A 36 year old female physician unable to have children
9.Biochemist.
10.Hollywood Starlet-singer and dancer
11.Teacher with a wheel chair disability.
12. A 13 year old middle school student-Athlete
Which 6 would you choose and why?
*Got this from my health teacher*
Athlete, policeman, Bookkeeper's wife, physician, starlet (she's my age right? ) , middle schooler"
I got a 2320 in my junior year, and I thought that was a safe score to never have to take it again.
Heh, yeah. Funny thing is, I mentioned it to my friend as 900 by accident early that morning as well, and neither of us immediately noticed my mistake XD apparently I can do MVC, but not simple addition + common sense
We had a paper airplane war in my geometry class yesterday. It was awesome!
"Nah, not a 2400, but a good enough score that I'm not retaking. (If you really wish to know, PM or fb)
chia wrote:
winneratlife wrote:
chia wrote:
Nice! I just got my SAT scores back too, pretty pleased with a 90 point improvement from January's.

(edited because lol, obv. can't think straight in the morning XD)
So I assume the edit was to make it 90 instead of 900... because alpha quoted it as 900 and I was like ""WHAT""
Heh, yeah. Funny thing is, I mentioned it to my friend as 900 by accident early that morning as well, and neither of us immediately noticed my mistake XD apparently I can do MVC, but not simple addition + common sense
lol, I for some reason didn't notice anything weird with 900 instead of 90 - I guess I assumed you did one of those ""shifted all the answers down a row"" things, or sommat like that. And heheh, my calc BC class has so many issues with addition/multiplication/simple algebra...I think the majority of points I've lost so far has been for elementary school math rather than actual calc (though, screw you, Chain Rule)."
Now, that's going a little far, don't you think?
I have often wondered..."What is the football team doing on the marching band field?"
+1
"This was quite an amusing dialogue:

<roboefo> (╯°□°）╯︵ ┻━┻
<robobear> ┬─┬ ノ( ゜-゜ノ)
<roboefo> (╯°□°）╯︵ ┻━┻
<robobear> hey be nice efo!
<robobear> ┬─┬ ノ( ^_^ノ)
<roboefo> flipping tables good for stress (╯°□°）╯︵ ┻━┻
<robobear> well u know what efo, the table's angry
<robobear> ┬─┬ ︵ /(.□. \）"
"Quite possibly the best video ever: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lJtHNEDnrnY

Only an MIT Gangnam Style video could feature: the MIT Dean of Admissions (Stu Schmill), one of the principal leaders of the Human Genome Project and co-chair of President Obama's Council of Advisors on Science and Technology (Eric Lander), the father of modern linguistics (Noam Chomsky), and one of Time's ""100 Most Influential People in the World"" in 2012 for his liquid metal battery research (Donald Sadoway). [From the MIT Admissions Blogs]"
"Fb'd
foreverphysics wrote:
I have often wondered...""What is the football team doing on the marching band field?""
Sorry, but no. Just no. If they had marching band fields they would certainly place those tick marks MUCH more conveniently than 1.6 steps."
"Random deep thought:
Do you ever wonder if your parents thought you would be the way you are? Not in a bad way, but do you ever wonder if they thought you would be something you aren't now when you were born?"
I forgive them for rejecting me just for that.
James Harden got traded to the Rockets I was hoping OKC would win the Finals this year, but they might not even make WCF
School is cancelled on Monday because of Hurricane Sandy. Oh joy.
I don't habe school on Monday, so I get to go to Frankenmuth. (For those who don't know, Frankenmuth is German-themed town with the world's largest Christmas store. We go every year.)
Why don't you have school?
Hurricane Sandy is coming to town!
Teacher development or somerhing like that.
If there's one thing I know about the Thunder, it's that they would only trade Harden away if they know something about the guys they got. I wouldn't drop expectations just yet.
"Your freezer, stock up
Your flashlight, close by
Your windows, board up
I'm telling you why
Hurricane Sandy's coming to town
I am clearly not an English major"
My school's football team won their section semifinal game 38-14 I want to keel over and die because now I have to sit outside in the freezing weather again and listen to the brass get a measure ahead for no reason at all. I think football athletic band exists just to torture band kids
"Looks like its going to be one of the worst, if not the worst, hurricane to hit the United States.

Good luck and best wishes to everyone out on the East Coast!"
Whoa whoa whoa. That's going a bit extreme. It's still just a marginal category 1, which can be destructive. But worst hurricane to hit the US? There have been much, much worse in the past.
THANK YOU! I'm not the only one who thinks it's not gonna be THAT bad.
Talking about Sandy, I have updated my hurricane avatar for the time being.
"To anyone in NY, NC, NJ, or anywhere else set to be affected by Sandy:
Good luck out there!"
"Because of the location, it could potentially be the most destructive in life and property damage if it directly hits NYC.

That said, it's by no means the most powerful."
I don't think it will be more destructive than Katrina, Rita, Andrew, Hugo, or several other storms. It might be the most destructive this year, but I don't think it belongs in the list of all-time worst. It's probably comparable to Ivan or Isabel or something similar.
Oh... A tree just fell on our car.
juicemanman, that sucks. See you in school on wednesday
I don't believe you juicemaman. I want proof.
"You're making me scared. The winds have just started howling outside of my apartment and I fear for my mum's car. You better bring a picture of this catastrophe to school on Wednesday.

Also, there are ambulances screeching all the time. It's very irksome."
A picture? I don't take pictures. You'll have to take my word for it.
"Dear everyone on the east coast,
Stay safe.
Love,
Litt|eboy"
"We're in the postseason too, but marching band is done...only cheerleaders remain

Also, for Hurricane Sandy, I find this pretty cool:
PIC (CLICK TO SHOW HIDDEN TEXT)"
What does Vermont fear for?
"Even if it directly hit NYC, I don't think it would cause the amount of damage that Katrina did(1833 deaths, $108 billion). Winds aren't much of an issue considering a fair portion of the buildings are skyscrapers that deal with these same wind speeds daily and many shorter buildings will simply be blocked by the taller ones. Flooding shouldn't cause too many problems considering NYC is actually above sea level, mostly concrete with drainage systems, and is prepared for some small amount of coastal flooding.

Sandy is still only Cat 1 which with the right preparations is mostly harmless. I rode out Ike, I have experience"
Ike... my neighbors tried to leave, they got a mile down the interstate and turned around, took them 8 hours(with contraflow it's like an 6-8 lane highway too)... Houston :/
You remember what is was like for Rita? Funny thing is though that all the traffic cleared up overnight and the day that Rita was supposed to make landfall we made it up to Dallas in record time
Subways and flooding don't mix.
Still, MOST destructive? There have been a lot of destructive hurricanes to hit the US. Now, if you were to say the most destructive to hit the Northeast, then you'd have a point.
"Yeah, and in DC to get anywhere in the flooded subway tunnels it would be a matter of row vs. wade.

HA
ha
...I'll just go study for chem now"
"Hahaha, very nice.

But hm, this is the second day I've had off school because of said hurricane and honestly there's been nothing too bad so far - just some rain and wind, but nothing worse than your normal thunderstorm (okay fine, two power outages, but they were about 30 seconds apiece). I like not having school, but really, we could have gone to school...and then I wouldn't have to go to school on January 2nd >.>

Edit: Blargh, formatting."
"XD

But anyways, here we've had the school closed for a second day as well. Nothing seems to be happening, except the school district website seems to be down. Perfect prelude to Halloween, I suppose.

We've also had our regionals schedule posted, but without our team number, it's relatively useless. Grr.

EDIT: Okay, schools, are you kidding me?! No school tomorrow?!?"
"NOTHING!!!

In other news, today I realized I'm a smart Blond with brown hair.

In other more important news: Hurricane Sandy caused us to have snow. THANK YOU, SANDY!!!

In other news still: If anything bad happens, it's Hurricane Sandy's fault. Even if the hurricane had nothing to do with it. (It's my new version of blaming 3rd hour, since my 3rd hour isn't that bad this year.)"
My internet is out at home. I don't know how I'm going to entertain myself over this weekend. I'm at a friend's house, and I'm enjoying this brief time of internet before I have to go back home.
Snow before Halloween. That's weird, but it isn't sticking here. Is it where you are?
"West Virginia was supposed to get 3ft of snow or something. All over the news.'
We here in suburban NYC only had a few downed branches in the neighborhood."
No, but it was pretty...
"So.
We have downtown trick-or-treating here in my city, so I went with my little sister. I had great fun yelling facts at the raptor center people...whee, Ornithology!
Also, apparently it's impossible to guess who you are if you're running around in a trench coat and blue scarf and carrying a magnifying glass and skull...
Anyone want to hazard a guess as to what/who I was?"
Hehe. If I'd gone trick-or-treating this year, that's who I would have dressed as, too.
I saw someone dressed as a flying squirrel at my school today
"Oh, most of our teachers dressed up today...my favorite is my math teacheress who dressed up as a wolverine x-men mutant lady.

She made the claws, and had a belt buckle that said

SOLVE FOR


Epic ftw"
"Traditionally me and my 2 siblings would go Trick-or-Treating, and then hold a candy-trading market when we get home. As the years progressed this became more than a game (or a way for me to get Twix's ); we wanted to have the best way to organize our ""shops"" as well as have the most efficient trading system within the 20 or so minutes we used to have until bedtime. It was also considered a failure if we all ended up combining our candy because each person had too much. I think this year we did the best.

First, we had a 10 minute grace period where everyone sorted out their shops. Usually I would just put the things I liked in one pile and the things I didn't like in another, but that made the offers I received for candy in the latter pile very minimal and also hard to find. This year I organized mine in a graph-like way: left to right is a measure of % chocolate, and the further away from me the less in stock. So to the left of me I had a Hershey, in the middle a bunch of Snickers, and on the right lollipops and a bag of chips. After organizing our shops we had a 15 minute trading session. This is the only time we're allowed to trade: any other form of bargaining would result in a 5 candy penalty. I quickly got rid of my Milky Way's and 3 Musketeer's for Reeses' Pieces and Whoppers. Then came the hardest part: sorting out the leftover candy from our own house. After much debate we decided on splitting all the candy evenly by type. Then, we all kept 25 pieces out of all our candy and put the rest in a public candy bag. The public candy bag has a catch though: you're only allowed to get from it if you have no candy left. This rule was to prevent hoarding and stockpiling. At the end of the game, I ended up with mostly 50% chocolate candy and a whole lot of Twix's...... I should be working on my actual essay now"
"This is the first year that I haven't gone trick-or-treating. And I actually wanted to go this year. LOL xD
Gahhh, I'm jealous of y'all that actually went."
"I went trick-or-treating! I was a pirate and my makeup was awesome. Eyeliner and mascara look like ash/dirt when you mix them together...
And I know what you were, forever."
no one has posted on YDRC for over 12 hours the world is ending
*dies*
The Knicks beat the Heat!!!!
I'm wondering if I should do just one event this year. I am really busy...
Who else on here competes in Robotics? My team qualified for our regional tournament in Arkansas for the first time. I'm pretty excited. (:
"Congrats!

Oh my, I haven't been on here in forever..."
I hate that there's a KiB limit on profile pic/avatars. I had to crop my new profile picture around twenty times before it actually was accepted.
"For anyone wondering why their clock on here is an hour fast, you need to go to the UCP, go to Board Preferences, and select ""No"" for ""Summer Time/DST is in effect:""

For anyone wondering why their clock on here was an hour slow for the past eight months, you could have done the above (except select ""Yes"")

For anyone who forgot, yes, daylight saving time ended last night."
"I'm a bit late, but you were Sherlock.
zyzzyva98 wrote:
For anyone wondering why their clock on here is an hour fast, you need to go to the UCP, go to Board Preferences, and select ""No"" for ""Summer Time/DST is in effect:""

For anyone wondering why their clock on here was an hour slow for the past eight months, you could have done the above (except select ""Yes"")

For anyone who forgot, yes, daylight saving time ended last night.
For anyone thinking ""We have a clock on here??"", what should we do?

--

Also... I still don't have a profile picture. Only had an account for about... 3 years?"
Then you should look a little closer at posts and find the posting time. Also, it's in the top left corner of the index page.
"I spent over an hour rehearsing for Wizard of Oz...
Wish me luck, auditions are on Friday!"
What do you do? Vex? Best? I think those are the only major ones that may have had competitions so far that are actually existent in Kansas. Good job. Good luck.
What part are you trying for?
"She is obviously trying out for Oz.
Hey Ceddy, record it and give it to Z. He will love it."
"Thanks, Cheesy Pie! I don't come here much, either. I'm too busy nowadays.

We do BEST. I was pretty certain there were people on here who go to the same regional competition."
I do BEST. I'm hoping to get a volunteering spot at the South's BEST Championships...since I live in the city, won't be much of a hassle at all for me.
I used to do FIRST. My team did pretty well, due to luck.
"No, I'm auditioning for Dorothy. But I sense sarcasm in there somewhere...
And no, how could I send it to Z? I don't want people I don't know seeing my image... (No offense Z or Little. )
EDIT: Spelling
EDIT: More spelling"
Let's leave it to Z to rant about the Wizard of Oz
Why? What?
"I may get in a little bit of trouble saying this, but stalk him. I remember we had a stalk Z festival on chat some years before...Now bunch of people know his address

No, I'm not telling you where he lives. Just that he lives on a farm."
NANOWRIMO! Anyone else doing it besides me?
"Over the summer I was thinking of doing it... but then I went ""pfft as if that'll happen"" XD I think it's awesome, but I don't have time, not unless I were to write a novel which consisted entirely of variations of ""the cat sat on the mat."" (Actually I'll bet that's more difficult than it sounds, haha)
Good luck, though!"
I'm doing it, but only 30k instead of the normal 50k. I wish you luck!
A rebel, I see?
Way too busy for NaNoWriMo, so I think I'll give me up until next November to finish the 50k >_>
LOL, no, just too chicken and decided to do the Young Writer's Program instead, I think tuftedtitmouse also does the YWP.
What is Nanowrimo?
It's National Novel Writing Month. I'm way too busy with my senior project to participate this year, although I really wanted to. I'm going to put it off yet again.
What do you do?
"You...write a novel. In a month.
More specifically, begin and complete an entire 50,000 word story within the month of November. http://www.nanowrimo.org/en/about (see the bit at the bottom of the page)"
That's part of the rules. So can't you write two words repeated 25,000 times? And why couldn't you start writing before November 1st? Do they read all your novels? If your novel is really bad/boring, are you penalized?
Hehe. Nobody's really judging your novel, the site is simply there for you to post proof that you've met the mark and have a community of other people who are trying for the same thing. And starting before November 1st defeats the purpose!
">_<

Nobody is forcing you to do it. It's not even a contest. All you get is a digital certificate for finishing. (And, of course, your novel)

They say just spam all your thoughts on November and revise it later, so it doesn't matter if your novel is a really rough draft."
I am! (: I can message you my username if you want to add me as a writing buddy (that goes for everyone else, too).
"Indeed I am (Though not sure how much I can commit to it...not much at all )

If anyone wants, I'm on both YWP and Adult, as tufted. Good luck to all NaNoers!"
Can I write a script for NaNoWriMo?
For those of you clueless about the election tonight (and everyone else too,) I've made a little election infographic as part of my senior project.
"Mental note: Show this to my American History teacher.
She'll love it!"
That is called Screnzy and it is in April.
This is really awesome--thanks!
Script Frenzy
"Woah, NaNoWriMo seems cool. Why haven't I heard of it before...? xD
Hrm, I think I'll join.

Edit: Joined!"
<insert obligatory Obama winning the election post here>
Yesterday, in Lit and Comp, we wrote a dialouge between Romney and Obama... It was hilarious!
There is now a user named the toxic poptart... This will be too confusing
Exactly my thoughts XD
No, because one is toxic and one is hydrogen. There shall be no confusion whatsoever. This is like Kokonilly and koko--and the fact that we all call Kokonilly "Koko".
But both of them are flammable under the right conditions.
"EASTstroudsburg13 wrote:
But both of them are flammable under the right conditions.
..."
I was showing one of my SO buddies a golden penny I got from my intensive theme class. She tried to flick it, it hit my throat and bounced off halfway across the room.
"foreverphysics wrote:
No, because one is toxic and one is hydrogen. There shall be no confusion whatsoever. This is like Kokonilly and koko--and the fact that we all call Kokonilly ""Koko"".
Although I was quite amused by the confusion."
My audition went really well yesterday!
"Sorry for the double post, but I promised some of you I would tell you this via YDRC.
I did not get the part of Dorothy in Wizard of Oz. However, I am an Ozian, (resident of Oz) with a speaking part, and there is only one other Ozian with a speaking part.

So, yay me!

I apologize if this post offends Z in any way, shape or form."
"Congrats!

Why has no one said this yet?!"
If anyone kills you, I am totally not responsible...at all...in any way...
"What would happen if I reported my own post?
A Person: What is the answer to your paradox!!!"
If you're going to make a new account just to insult me, at least try to not make it so obvious that it's the same person. -.- I'm really disappointed.
What? Who is doing that?
Agreed, fozendog. But then again, it is your daily random comment.
"Had a rather frustrating day, but enjoyed a delicious cookie from the lunch ladies/art director for playing well at the Veteran's Day assembly at my school yesterday.

In Wind Ensemble we're playing 'With Heart and Voice' for a clinic and I think one of our school concerts. It gave me and I'm sure a few other people chills just listening to it. Me and another clarinet who also happens to be a guard buddy were staring at each other a one point in shock."
An interesting fellow who seemed rather insulted when the purpose of his or her thread was questioned. Coincidentally, said thread has also been deleted.
"Thank you for that. But her alternate self called her a her, so I'll refer to the ""interesting fellow"" as a she.
As to her username, I don't reveal that kind of stuff. But she's definitely on my foe list, and I hope she gets punished for multiaccounting and insulting me when I made a seemingly harmless comment. In my perspective (I may be biased, obviously)."
The new Facebook and Twitter Sciolys are pretty cool!
Links please?
When I'm sad, I just believe that life is a dream and I created all of what I'm seeing. Then I feel better.
"Facebook

Twitter"
So, uh...what's the purpose of the FB page, anyways?
It's for minor (and major) announcements and notifications, as well as to hopefully attract new users. We're hoping to get people more connected to scioly.org.
So my new facebook banner picture is NGC 6888 and Wr 136... I have too much fun when I edit wikis and my profile at the same time.
"I am planning to sing ""How to Save a Life"" by The Fray at the talent show!
EDIT: Added band name"
"YDRC has been dying. That is sad.
Lets do something about it.
I have a suggestion: How about we start posting on it and don't just let it sit hear and mope."
Similarly, I wonder whether overall activity on scioly.org has fallen lately. Any mods care to share recent posting statistics compared to this time last year?
"The stats are quite interesting, I cannot easily get number of posts pulled up, but I can get some stats that should still be intriguing towards you guys.
We have had 16% drop of unique visitors this year, compared to the same time last year, which is nothing odd, it just means we have a larger reoccuring user base.
We have had a :
5% increase in page views
17% increase in pages viewed each visit
17% increase in visit duration
-20% decrease in bounce rate (this is good, more people get to see scioly.org )
-9% decrease in new visitors (this is bad, you guys should talk about scioly.org more)

The amount of posting activity to YDRC has decreased by 21%
However the amount of posting activity in posting games has increased by 241%

Anything else you are interested in?"
"This is kinda weird. Ever watched the movie Inception?
robotman wrote:
The stats are quite interesting, I cannot easily get number of posts pulled up, but I can get some stats that should still be intriguing towards you guys.
The amount of posting activity to YDRC has decreased by 21%
However the amount of posting activity in posting games has increased by 241%
That's very interesting. Most of the members of my team don't have a Scioly account, but many know what it is. Has there been an increase in Guests or anything? Is a guest an ""Unique Visitor""?"
"Thanks for sharing. It's not nearly as riveting as the state maps, but it's interesting, nonetheless.

Remember that this site serves a niche--folks who care enough about SO to want to talk about it online.
I'd wager that all serious teams are aware of the site (I mean, the Wiki is listed as a resource for some events on the National site). Is the Wiki popular? It's possible it serves less of the population than the community would like. Anyone who isn't on a serious team or isn't serious themselves has no business here for the most part."
The Natural Selection of the Internet: If they're not interested, they'll leave.
"*High fives*
EDIT: Woah, I was reading the first Dilbert comics. They are so different than the ones we have now."
"I tried convincing my team that the wikis had good information and to join, but so far only one person has and they haven't even posted in the forums yet for me to find them

The first day back from short course/intensives was just as I expected it to be: useless. Everyone was unfocused."
THE PHILADELPHIA INVENTORS ARE IN THE UNITED STATES CHESS LEAGUES FINALS!!!!
"I went to the Detroit Institute of Arts today. Very interesting.
I also got my events today!
Events:
Forensics
Disease Detectives
Designer Genes"
How does it work at your school? (we just do whichever we want here >.>, maybe cut some off when tournament is near but that it )
"We choose events, but get assigned them based off our choices. These were my top 3!

Who here is a Professor Layton fan?"
"Both my sister and I are! We've got the first three games, seen the movie and are eagerly waiting for a chance to play the next series.

DeScole is the best villain ever, btw."
I've only played the Unwound Future, but it' s awesome! Any Sassy game fan would love these games.
They're kinda boring...I have the one with the bird man and don't have any motivation to buy another/the next game in the series. I want to like them...but there are so many repeated puzzles-
"Mystery Mask? Honestly, from what I've seen, Diabolical Box is the best of them so far. Nice variety in puzzles and the ending made me cry

Edit: Or if solving them isn't your joy, try the movie: http://youtu.be/aMDZBeh9Eo4"
I'm not ready for Christmas yet...
"Nintendo is getting more and more meh, but the ultimate classics still live on! Long live Mario, Pokémon, Legend of Zelda, and Kirby!

First person games are cool too, but nothing brings back the sweet feelings of childhood like those 4 franchises.

But oh dear, they've REALLY REALLY messed up RuneScape...

Companies should be seriously developing old-school like games with 8-bit graphics..."
Minecraft
+1
Minecraft has far more than 8 bit graphics. Nor was it developed by a company, at least not at first.
"Huh. I just thought of something.
Every problem we have can be solved with love. (Not romance, mind you, love. There's a difference.)
It may sound cheesy, but if you think about it, it's true."
"12x=23
X=love?"
"If you love math, you can figure it out!
BTW, x literally =1.91666666667"
The sun will run out of fuseable hydrogen in about 5 billion years and expand massively as it becomes a red giant, blasting away the earth's atmosphere, engulfing the planet in flame, and killing all life. I don't think love is going to solve that.
If you love science and people enough to look for a solution, it can.
"solve for awesome if you're a hot girl
YOU=ME(AWESOME+CLOTHES) (CLICK TO SHOW HIDDEN TEXT)

I don't even remember where I got that from

EDIT:
THIS IS FUNNY TOO (CLICK TO SHOW HIDDEN TEXT)"
"It was designed to look like 16-bit... close enough.

EDIT: I can imagine the girl solving it in the first panel, and the comic ending up as forever alone."
"http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Heat_death_of_the_universe
There's no getting around that.
A Person wrote:
It was designed to look like 16-bit... close enough.
But does in fact use 24 bit textures. Perhaps you are referring to the texture size?"
"Um...
So many people do not believe in that, including myself. In a way, to me, problem solved with love for Christianity."
Ah, this brings up a new question. If everyone believes in something, does it make it true?
"Another thing I figured out: If we kill the invisible people, Juan and Cindy, our problems will all be solved!
Sorry, Dilbert refrence."
"No. Truth is ""that which is true, or in accordance with fact and reality."" When everyone believes something, that does not mean it is how reality truly is. Take, for example, the period of time before we knew the earth was not the center or the universe. Everyone believed that to then be true, right? But that didn't mean it was the truth. We don't know enough as humans, in our present state, to know certain things as truth (theories and such). I mean, obviously, we can't dispute the existence of gravity, because we can observe it basically everywhere, and it is reality. I can't drop a pen and see it float to the ceiling.

Seeing that question made me chuckle. A few days ago at the end of my school's short course a group of people and I from the same class had a discussion that wound up in much this fashion. I believe the question was originally along the lines of the role of truth in a democracy.

I got a Godric Gryffindor card in my chocolate frog. I was dearly hoping for a Salazar card but ah well."
Do you play Minecraft?
"Interesting discussions here...

Allinea-cool, I'll have a watch when I find some free time. I have The Last Specter and have no motivation to find out more about Descole at this point. I like puzzles, but the narrative is a bit disappointing.

EFO-without going full-blown market analyst on you, what you suggest won't work because it wouldn't sell. Consider some of the best selling software that isn't a mobile game: COD, Pokemon, Just Dance, Skylanders, etc etc...none of that is impressive as an 8-bit 'classic'.

Cedavis-I'd like to agree, but there are too many disagreeable people in the world (you can use the term 'hardened hearts', if you want).

Re: heat death-It's not a problem since it's not happening for eons. A problem is something that affects us here and now or within some forseeable future.

Cedavis again-interesting. I'd like to hear why you don't believe in the heat death. You can send me a PM if you want to discuss.

thehydrogenpoptart-it's as Allinea says. There are natural 'truths' that are independent of a perceiver. It's related to the question about the tree falling in the forest and whether it makes a sound or not if nobody is around. It does."
"What if a tree falls on a deserted island with no organisms around to hear it. Does it still make a sound? And if there are no people around in the forest, then it doesn't.
sound/sound/
Noun:
Vibrations that travel through the air or another medium and can be heard when they reach a person's or animal's ear.
To elaborate this...
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/If_a_tree_ ... n_a_forest; read the third paragraph of the ""history"" section."
"Personally, I like the Big Bounce theory (hypothesis?) better, though I know Hubble's constant implies an accelerating universe. It's much more exciting to think that the universe will collapse upon itself and then produce another universe in another Big Bang ad infinitum rather than just succumb to entropy.
Skink wrote:
Re: heat death-It's not a problem since it's not happening for eons. A problem is something that affects us here and now or within some forseeable future.
Very well then...I suppose a more current problem (well, it's a problem to astronomy/astrophysics people, at least) would be the fact that we cannot send spacecraft to actually explore distant astronomical objects, because of a little thing called c...

The laws of physics are the only laws you can never break. :P"
"I do. I have my own (home) server, in fact.
AlphaTauri wrote:
Personally, I like the Big Bounce theory (hypothesis?) better, though I know Hubble's constant implies an accelerating universe. It's much more exciting to think that the universe will collapse upon itself and then produce another universe in another Big Bang ad infinitum rather than just succumb to entropy.
Ah, I do like that theory more since it's less final. I don't like entropy."
Huh. Ever hear of the explanation of the birth of the universe that entails quantum tunneling? I don't know about you guys, but I find all this theoretical physics fascinating. If anyone is interested, I highly recommend 'Time Travel in Einstein's Universe'.
"Mobile games are really stuff you waste time on/you do when you're bored, but they'll never take the place of hardcore gaming/a extensive game with an extensive story line. And those games will sell. Good graphics are needed in highly interactive 3D games like Call of Duty, Grand theft auto, Age of Empires, Assassin's Creed, Skyrim, which all are really impressive. With all those focus on 3D games and HD graphics, I think they still should make more 'classic' games with 2D and low definition graphics (8-32 bit). 2D games are fun too! Why can't we still have 2D games with a story line and those lovely graphics? There should be a large fan base for it.

Arg, I don't think I'm making sense here. Basically, story lined games will live on and 2D games are fun. HD graphics are cool, but there's something really attracting about those pixelated old school graphics.

As for truth, I believe it really exists in the mind. The idealized truth, I would argue, either does not exist or is unattainable. There are only bias or only biased perceptions of the truth. Our collective perceptions make up the standard perception of truth, in trust that collectively we can get closer in determining the idealized truth. But there are so many different perceptions of the truth, and so many biases that affect the perceptions. Some people include a God in their perception of the truth, some don’t. What is real then? We can’t really agree on a standard of truth on that one. Obviously both sides believe they are right. They have the sense of righteousness in their beliefs. However, even between the two general groups there is disagreement. Which religion is right? Agnostics vs. Atheists.

Yeah, and we should also recognize that our senses which affect our thinking is imperfect too. But even if it’s imperfect, it’s all that really matters. Even if truth exists, the only thing that’ll affect the world is what we believe.

Alright, forget the tree in the forest. We can debate about what sound is and all that all day. Imagine all living things everywhere is dead, and nothing can perceive the world. Does the Universe exist? Effectively no. Without something to recognize its existence, it really does not exist. That’s the power of the mind."
Well, that was fun. Dunno if what I had to say was coherent, but it’s an interesting discussion worth pondering late at night. Hopefully, someone enjoyed following my meandering thoughts…
"I agree that gameplay is more important than graphics, but when you can get both, why opt for just one? If you're looking for a platformer game, check out Super Meat Boy which is pretty new and has generally good ratings http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=POYXzcnDiPg

I think the thing about wanting new games to be like the older ones is that we don't miss the gameplay, yet the feeling of playing a game like that for the first time. Take Pokemon for example. Nowadays you'll hear people complaining about Pokemon Black/White and how the new Pokemon are weird and unoriginal. But just looking at the original 151, there are a few questionable Pokemon. I mean, Voltorb? It's a pokeball. And then it evolves into an upside-down pokeball :/ Usually the generation that people will say is the ""best"" is the first generation that they've owned."
Is it disturbing to name a turkey you are going to cook? (Note: We do not raise turkeys. If you raise turkeys to cook them, that's ok.)
I doubt anyone other than large commercial farmers actually raises turkeys...they're wild birds.
I have friends who did.
That's pretty wild, actually. So, you could just go over and play with the turkeys?
Um, I actually hadn't been to their house when they were raising turkeys. (Actually, now that I think of it, I haven't been to most of my friend's houses...)
"Well solving the problems of interstellar travel is quite easy, well not really: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alcubierre_drive
And don't forget about wormholes too. Though none of these actually let you travel faster than c. There are also some theories of temporarily increasing c, so as to be able to travel faster than normal c. Though again, you are still not traveling faster than light, light is just faster now.

As for the tree in the forest, if a tree falls it will still cause vibrations in the ground and air which means sound will be created. Now if you want to argue about definitions, it really doesn't matter if someone can perceive the sound or not. What it does mean is that it can never be proven that there was a sound, only inferred. But just like we can only infer what is in the center of the earth, or how atoms are constructed based on some evidence and other known theories and facts of physics. They may only be theories, but that doesn't necessarily mean they aren't true."
"How to solve the tree falling in the forest problem:
1. Get a deaf guy with a chainsaw.
2. Hook an audio recorder to him.
3. Tell him to cut down a tree. (Well, technically, you wouldn't be telling him, but you know what I mean.)
4. When he gets back, play the audio.
EDIT: Spelling
EDIT: Typo"
Re: intersellar travel: even if there's a way to do it someday, it will not ever be either economical or practical. It would never be funded and would get lost in the politics of it. Consider what goes into bulding or expanding a road, let alone this.
"I bet the same was said about air travel.
(I wonder if someone will look back at these and laugh at how wrong we are...)"
"Ah, but isn't the audio device hearing the sound
Skink wrote:
Re: intersellar travel: even if there's a way to do it someday, it will not ever be either economical or practical. It would never be funded and would get lost in the politics of it. Consider what goes into bulding or expanding a road, let alone this.
Not to mention that even to visit other nearby stars in a reasonable timespan we'd have to be traveling at magnitudes of ten of c"
I believe the term is recording. I believe the question implies living creatures.
"I just call that Warp Drive.
Cedavis6 wrote:
harryk wrote:
Ah, but isn't the audio device hearing the sound
I believe the term is recording. I believe the question implies living creatures.
That is simply a technicality. You might as well hire a lawyer and find every little loophole there is.
‮"‬
People most likely thought the same thing when someone mentioned the thought of man on the moon. Think of how much time we have to figure out how to do it before we're threatened and must move. Don't you think that humanity will come up with a way in all that time?
I am thankful for these forums, the wiki pages, the mods and admins for letting me back on last year or two years ago(whichever it was), Science Olympiad, an awsome coach, great team, Amazing Region, and most of all: Science itself.
Funny you should mention that...notice we can't go back. The brilliant men behind the project are mostly (all?) deceased, and their knowledge was on obsolete machines and lost, as I understand. The shuttle program was cut a couple years ago, so yeah.
"Love is a human emotion and therefore can't be considered a solution; it's a human construct with an arbitrary definition.

Then again, so is a problem."
"I just wanna see an imperfect Barbie...
EDIT: Three reasons why Disney Channel rules.
1. Gravity Falls
2. Phineas and Ferb
3. Good Luck Charlie

On Drake and Josh, there was a funny scene where Josh was dressed up as Einstein, and the kids were trying to guess who he was."
"So what about it? The shuttle program is behind us, but I think theriddler was trying to imply what lies ahead of us. None of us can say for sure what can and will be achieved in the future, and what is the past shouldn't stop us from moving forward. Let's all one-up Umbridge and carry on with progress for the sake of progress
Cedavis6 wrote:
1. Gravity Falls
I've seen only one episode and love it.
+1"
"*High fives*
Favorite quotes:
Announcer: (About our 8 ½th president) His State of the Union speech was even worse.
Quentin Trembly: The only thing we have to fear are giant man-eating spiders!

Quentin Trembly: We seem to be trapped in some crate-shaped box!

Quentin Trembly: Well, we didn't fit through the hole... Let's rebuild the crate and start over!

Mabel: (After becoming a Congressman) I legalize everything!"
So I just made a huge edit to the Geocaching wiki page. Would anyone be so kind as to proofread it for me?
"Eh, not really.

The knowledge is there. Yes, getting to the moon is hard - but it's not that hard. It indeed took brilliant people to get to the moon, especially on 60's technology - but that's not to say there aren't brilliant people nowadays. (On the contrary, too, most Apollo-era guys are still around.)

The shuttle wasn't taking us to the moon - so not sure what your point is there. While I loved the shuttles, they were quite inefficient for transport to LEO - which was all they were capable of. Magnificent machines - but expensive and complicated.

If the shuttle was still around, any efforts to go to the moon, an asteroid, or beyond, would not be possible - the shuttle simply cost too much.

We're closer to returning to the moon now than we have been at any point in the last 35 years."
"""Genius is nothing more than inflamed enthusiasm.""- Anonymous

I am a genius."
Anyone attend a Black Friday event?
yeah, I stayed at home all day, it's called 'keeping my sanity'.
Dubstep Nyan Cat has got to be the best thing I've heard all day. Mind blown. c:
"andrewwski-thanks for the insight. I hope you're right.

I thought it was called 'shopping online'..."
No.
Bought some shirts
"Spent 7 hours at the mall and 200 dollars on clothes.

Oops.

(seriously though Black Friday is the best freakin' day of the whole year)"
...You're more of a girl than I am. That's just sad.
^Don't feel bad. Its seems like you're more sane, though.
Never participated in a Black Friday sale before.
Being our age doesn't help...
"Yeah...
Actually, I went to a funeral yesterday..."
Takes time to look this good *shrug*
"When I read this, it contrasted hugely with Cedavis6's comment.
Cedavis6 wrote:
A Person wrote:
Cedavis6 wrote:
Never participated in a Black Friday sale before.
Being our age doesn't help...
Yeah...
Actually, I went to a funeral yesterday...
I'm not sure how to reply."
Snow and ice is good for one thing: making roads less bumpy.
Driver's ed? Yeah...I'm worried for that next year >.<
"Dear Spambots:
We don't care about how Rhianna dresses.
Signed,
Cedavis6"
"Driver's ed was a pain for me, especially since my instructor constantly yelled at the class for no reason in particular...

Went and bought myself a grey hoodie on black Friday from Zumiez, since I found a gift card from two years ago. Not sure if I'm the only girl on this forum that does that, but does anyone dress like a bum... all the time? I'll look fancy when I absolutely have to, but otherwise, I'm going for maximum comfort.

Also have been spending the last three hours comforting my friend that her breakup is not the end of her life.

Submitted two applications today, one to UW Seattle and one to UW Tacoma. Fingers crossed.

Started crying because I looked at my grades and BOY are they tanking. I thought I understood AP Chemistry... apparently not. I can't believe I ever thought I wanted to go to Harvey Mudd and all those nice schools. Honestly, my GPA makes me feel worthless. I know numbers shouldn't define a person, but my grades just keep dipping and my dreams are going right down the sink. :/

Also read a thousand splendid suns. Fantastic book."
To be fair, I can't remember the last time I voluntarily wore anything other than a t-shirt (usually for Science Olympiad/Science Bowl/Math Team/other equally nerdy things) and shorts/sweatpants.
Now that I think about it, I have only 2 geeky shirts in my dresser... and one of them is a (poorly) tye-dyed t-shirt I made in SO...
If you're seeking college credit most out of AP, all isn't lost no matter where your grade is sitting at currently. You can still turn it around in the months to come. The one bit worth pointing out, though, is second semester is leagues harder than the first because it's new concepts (mostly equilibrium) whereas first semester takes a typical high school course's treatment of atomic theory and expands it a bit. Good luck! Your GPA is but one measure the colleges look at. If your ACT score is good, your GPA may be weighed less. Also, if you're involved, you can focus on that and not exclusively your academics in your interviews.
"I'm a guy and I refuse to leave the house in a pullover hoodie. I also don't own sweats. There is so much irony involved right now.

(I also look forward to banquets because I get to dress up, and I... actually I think I'll stop now)

Ironically, I also spent three hours last night on the phone comforting my friend over her breakup...
Skink wrote:
Teal wrote:
Started crying because I looked at my grades and BOY are they tanking. I thought I understood AP Chemistry... apparently not. I can't believe I ever thought I wanted to go to Harvey Mudd and all those nice schools. Honestly, my GPA makes me feel worthless. I know numbers shouldn't define a person, but my grades just keep dipping and my dreams are going right down the sink. :/
If you're seeking college credit most out of AP, all isn't lost no matter where your grade is sitting at currently. You can still turn it around in the months to come. The one bit worth pointing out, though, is second semester is leagues harder than the first because it's new concepts (mostly equilibrium) whereas first semester takes a typical high school course's treatment of atomic theory and expands it a bit. Good luck! Your GPA is but one measure the colleges look at. If your ACT score is good, your GPA may be weighed less. Also, if you're involved, you can focus on that and not exclusively your academics in your interviews.
Let's be honest, GPA is still the biggest factor in college admissions. That being said, if you ever need help on chem, you can shoot me a PM or find some other mode of communication (I believe while cramming for the AP test Koko and I used gchat; facebook would also be viable)."
"I always wear hoodies.
ALWAYS (CLICK TO SHOW HIDDEN TEXT)"
comfort>dressing nicely
"Anyone else find Snape's story the saddest story of them all?
NOT WORTH THE TROUBLE. (CLICK TO SHOW HIDDEN TEXT)
13 Edits? Wow."

A Person, are you having trouble?
Yes... As you can see, I edited my earlier post 5+ times
"Depends where the pic is from.

I'm gonna assume you're running on a computer and not one of those white machines.
If it's from a Web site (which it looked like the one you wanted was), right click on it and hit 'Properties'. Copy the URL. Go here and use the

Now, suppose the pic is on your computer. Upload it to a Web site like, I dunno, tinypic, imageshack, photobucket, or whatever. Use photobucket if you want the ability to take them DOWN later, but the URLs will be tied to your account. Grab a direct link to the image and repeat the procedure above.
...that help?

If you want to hide the pics, too, pull up the hide tags and put the IMG tags between the hide tags, as I've done here. You have to include the '|' character after what labels the hide tag, or it doesn't come out. Quote my post to see the formatting.
THIS IS HOW IT'S DONE (CLICK TO SHOW HIDDEN TEXT)"
5 times in 1 minute 46 seconds? That must be a new record.
"Sure.

Edit: Seems like the activity spikes when I'm doing stupid stuff."
"I know and nobody saw it coming...
foreverphysics wrote:
winneratlife wrote:
Takes time to look this good *shrug*
To be fair, I can't remember the last time I voluntarily wore anything other than a t-shirt (usually for Science Olympiad/Science Bowl/Math Team/other equally nerdy things) and shorts/sweatpants.
So does everyone just dress either really slouchy or pretty spiffy all of the time? What I wear on any given day directly correlates with how awake I am with the average being sneakers, jeans, and knit sweaters. (I don't actually own sweatpants, though.)"
Let's test this! Do something stupid.
I wear whatever I can find, but generally it's either T-shirts and shorts or hoodies and sweatpants. Hoodies are awesome. Eh, I need to find a black/navy blue hoodie to walk around at night. Oh, I need to get some balaclavas too...
And now I introduce you to the first cat burglar of Scioly, EFO!
Here's some trivia: you can get a black Darth Vader zip hoodie from Hot Topic. I only know this because a friend is urging me to buy one; I happen to really hate that store. No, I wouldn't be seen wearing anything goofy like that, though I have no qualms against wearing science shirts and wear them often.
I usually dress pretty casually, both for school and for leaving the house in general - jeans and a t-shirt, with a sweatshirt or jacket if I'm cold. Sweatshirts in particular are nice for sleeping on music stands before first period orchestra (pull the hood up, use something soft-ish as a pillow, doze until being awakened by a friend smacking me with a music folder). If I feel like it, I'll wear a nice shirt or a dress shirt, but that's not very often. I tend not to wear either sweatpants or shorts to school - not sure why, I just don't - and despite being a girl, I hate skirts and dresses with a burning passion. If I have to wear a skirt/dress for a concert or something fancy, I can and will complain incessantly every step of the way. >.>
What. Hot Topic? The awesome store with all the pony, anime, and meme merch?
"Maybe she dislikes it because of all the pony, anime, and meme merch
I'm a fan of... Kohls? XD Actually I'm pretty sure the vast majority of my wardrobe is from either there or Forever 21."
chia pet...we're having a scioly.org meet up this spring...and then you'll see...unless I decide to set it up and back out later, having trolled everyone ...but, no, I don't know what I said that gave you that impression, but, no, I'm not a 'she'. Are my sigs girly or something?
I like the mall.
"WHAT
-facepalm forever-
I... don't even know where I got that impression? Sometime really really long ago to be sure..."
Is the IL 2013 formatted in a girly way? I didn't color the text pink...
Wow... I feel so horrible... Being a complete nerd and a guy... I always wear a t-shirt(something band/scioly related) and jeans... I own one dress shirt
Wow... sorry. I guess I must have accidentally done that thing where you subconsciously think of people online as the same gender as you unless proven otherwise? I guess that's proof that there really is no good way to tell without, of course, resorting to pink font as you say.
You're forgiven...for now. I changed my sig to prevent further confusion. It's a mess now, but that's a price to pay, I suppose.
"You might as well change it back, I think everyone who reads this will get the message.


I think A Person was right, but it actually applies to everyone... doing stupid stuff really does boost site activity."
"It's not like I wear dress shirts all the time... (although I do own 4, 2 waistcoats, and 2 blazers)

I prefer polos...and collared sport shirts...and sweaters

And I also wear jeans pretty much all the time, but they're relatively dressy ones, dark, selvedge... okay now I feel like I'm rambling to myself
EpicFailOlympian wrote:
I wear whatever I can find, but generally it's either T-shirts and shorts or hoodies and sweatpants. Hoodies are awesome. Eh, I need to find a black/navy blue hoodie to walk around at night. Oh, I need to get some balaclavas too...
Try H&M if you have one near you... they have nice zipups for like 20, or you can get nice ones at Express but those are like 60 bucks (although you could have picked them up half off Black Friday and if you wait around for a sale one will come). And all the teen designer stores have them, although they have those annoying logos (Hollister, American Eagle, you know the type)

balaclavas...yeah you're on your own for those"
That sounds about right. When I pass by, I look in, and the first thing that catches my eye is a troll face shirt. If I saw someone wearing a troll face shirt, I don't know if I could take them seriously.
I don't think people who wear troll face shirts are trying to be taken seriously...
"Go shady with hoodies and sweats and skittles or classy with a gray suit and fedora and violin case. Gangster vs Mobster...hard choice. I don't really like the clean cut fresh swag look. Some nice shorts and Under Armour is as far as I'd go with that one. Not that much a fan of a complete nerdy look either.

So basically anything with multiple pockets that you can hide multiple gun/knives/throwing blades it. Ghetto classy afro ninja ftw.

Oh, I really REALLY want to walk into a bank with a balaclava on... But seriously, it's a brilliant idea. So your cheeks and forehead aren't cold. Why don't people wear them more often?"
"Never have I ever thought we'd discuss shopping for clothes on scioly LOL

I like Hot Topic for their MLP and video game graphic tees, but that's about it. Only bought em on Black Friday though because they're regular 20, which is way too much. Their employees are really chill; it's one of the best companies to work for too.

For everyday clothing I usually get basic, plain shirts at Nike/H&M/Gap or wherever else they're selling em for cheap. For jeans I go to Old Navy.

You know what would be nice? A store like Hollister/Aeropostale/Abercrombie, except without the obnoxious logos scrawled all over the clothes. I especially hate the brand image of Abercrombie, with the huge suggestive pictures all over the walls. The clothes at these stores are actually really decent, but not always worth the sacrifice..."
"You thought I was a guy? For as long as you've had contact with me?
That's almost as sad as the 1.5 years I spent thinking Z was a girl."
No...
I hate AP English so much. Why did I take it. WHY? I have a 64%... WHY?
"For the first time, I am now an official member of my school's team.
YESSSSSSSSSSSS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"Brony?
chia wrote:
I think A Person was right, but it actually applies to everyone... doing stupid stuff really does boost site activity.
2 Pages since I did something stupid? Must be a record."
"Mobster. You can never go wrong with a fedora.

EDIT: Best Sinbad Translation Party quote:
Alina: What is a song?
Jaffar: The act of not crying over a stupid woman.

Funny how translating things multiple times creates the most true phrases..."
"I got a red and blue flashing one from the Swap Meet.

I found a key on my keyboard I never use; it was stuck and was hard to press."
"[quote=""A Person""
I found a key on my keyboard I never use; it was stuck and was hard to press.[/quote]
Show us!"
Why? It was the ` key. Under Escape, above Tab, top left corner.
Ahh, double post.
"Singing tryouts were today.
I did end up singing Happy Birthday (along with many other people who were too scared to try anything harder). I seriously do not know how our school has so many good singers...it was just one amazing audition after another. I sang way too softly...
But overall it was great fun watching. Acting tryouts tomorrow."
"I'm here, it was bound to happen eventually

American Eagle and Express both run some unbranded stuff which is similar sometimes, but, well, unbranded.
Cedavis6 wrote:
Mobster. You can never go wrong with a fedora.
Almost everyone I've ever seen in a fedora has gone wrong...

And EFO, what on earth is a ""clean cut fresh swag look""??"
"I just accepted it as a actual thing and kept reading.

Edit: EFO, don't tell me you're into that stuff."
I'm not into that stuff. The only reason I mentioned it was to say that I'm not. Read my post. Jeesh.
But what IS IT? Like, what do people wearing it wear?
"My lunch buddies and myself came to the consensus that we are petitioning to play The Nutcracker Suite for the holidays next year in Wind Ensemble. And Inception.

Clean cut fresh swag? IDK, but probably whatever is trending now. Actually... I really don't have any idea."
Ooh, we're playing the Nutcracker in orchestra. Dance of the Mirlitons is a flute feature
"We're playing the Nutcracker too in orchestra...only we're playing perhaps the most overplayed selection possible from that suite. I hate Waltz of the Flowers. At least the past two years when I've played the Nutcracker with a different orchestra, it was the original version and we played other selections from the Suite as well.

I suppose the one good thing about holiday music is that I have taken over the job of playing the horse whinny at the end of Sleigh Ride when we don't play with the wind symphony XD"
They wear swaggy stuff that's clean-cut. Pretty self explanatory.
"Everyone I know wants to play that Requiem for a Dream song for our winter finale... note sure how I should feel about that. Your orchestras sound a lot better than mine.

(On a side note, I totally get thermochemistry. Stay tuned for any sudden mental breakdowns.)

Bio subject test this weekend... one word: yikes.

Also, just sent in my UW Seattle application! Here's hoping."
"Horse whinny, how fun vocal?

And yes, waltz of the flowers gets pretty annoying >.< We're doing the original version"
"Requiem for a Dream sounds amazing. I would love to have my orchestra play it. (successfully)

Had a Bio test today. Is yours a take-home-test?"
"Heh, wouldn't that be nice... Teal's referring to the SAT Subject Test in Biology (E or M?).

Does anyone use the f.lux app on their computer? Wow, does it make a difference."
That makes sense, considering how they're sending in college applications.
Nice! I can (or used to be able to ... ) play it on piano. Is it going to be a full orchestra or just strings?
"Nah, I slide on the strings - it actually doesn't sound half bad, and it's fun as hell to do.

Yeah, the original version is way more fun to play than the arrangement we have, especially because our arrangement switches from 3/4 into 2/4 for 9 bars near the end in order to avoid a 2-beat pattern not lining up with the downbeat, because starting a pattern on a non-downbeat is so hard. And for some reason, we still have not played it up to real waltz tempo, despite the fact that the concert is in two weeks...

In fact, I spend most of orchestra begging our substitute director to play things faster... Sleigh Ride only sounds good when played fast enough to allow the first violin section to rock out on the jazz part."
"I read. All afternoon. It. Was. Amazing.

Now I'm even more behind on my homework...*~~~shigghh~~~*"
Everything sounds good fast
"We're also learning a piece that spends a good sixteen measures switching between 2/4, 6/8, 3/4 and even a 16/8
Everything sounds good fast


Truer words have never been said.

Anyone know any good bell-related holiday pieces that are good for flutes and/or clarinets? Besides Jingle Bells and Carol of the Bells."
"I was under the impression that Sleigh Ride never sounds good...

(at least to those of us who have to play it every year)"
"Re: Clothes: I wear free shirts, mostly. You tend to collect those at college. Jeans are also pretty normal (shorts if it's really warm), as are long-sleeved shirts if it's cold enough or jackets if not (for easy removal). Sneakers if it's cold/rainy, sandals if it's not. It's been cold and rainy lately though, unfortunately, because of this atmospheric river thing.
Re: GPA: Uhh, math is a struggle for me right now Gotta keep that GPA high to keep those potential medical school dreams alive! Sigh.
Re: Christmas tunes: my new favorite music to study to, plus Regina Spektor

Math pset due tomorrow and finals in two weeks okay bye"
I was under the impression that Sleigh Ride sounds good to everybody except horn players, whose contempt of the song remains unrivaled in the musical world. Is this inaccurate?
"Hahaha I'm not even sure whether I'm taking E or M... probably should study a bit more.

Props to ANY girl who puts in the effort to dress up each day. Or guy. Even my one minute makeup routine is a hassle. (Oy, am I lazy.)
My friend persuaded me to join Pinterest. Some parts of it are pleasant, but jeez... why does EVERYONE want to plan a wedding?"
...you are now the only person I know on scioly who actually wears makeup on a regular basis.
"I had to go to the office 5 times today:
1. Yesterday I went to our upper elementary school to read to kids during my fourth hour. Unfortunately, my 4th hour teacher (who knew I was going) wasn't there so the sub marked me absent. I had to clear that up with the office.
2. I accidentally took my brother's lunch to school. When my mom saw my lunch at home, she thought it was mine, so she took it to school.
3. I found that my Disease Detectives/ Forensics partner was absent today. I was planning to go to the library with her, but I couldn't. I had to call my mom about that.
4. (I went to a different office for this one) Apparently, I'm not up-to-date on my immunizations.
5. I thought 6th hour went directly to the auditorium. Well, we were originally supposed to, but everyone went to the classroom, so the teacher just took attendence there. So he wrote me a note about this to the office so I wouldn't have problems with abscence AGAIN."
"5 times? You've got my sympathies.

Two of my friends and I are doing a flute-flute-clarinet trio for a school talent show the day before winter break. Auditions are next Wednesday, and we've only got the beginning transposed. Challenge accepted."
"Neil Degrasse Tyson is awesome.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7pL5vzIMAhs"
"This is ONE HUNDRED AND TEN PERCENT ACCURATE OH MY A:ODIJFS:OIJT:OSAEIJ AND ON TOP OF THAT IN MY ORCHESTRA WE PLAY IT EVERY YEAR AND I COMPLAINED AND THE DIRECTOR WAS LIKE ""Yeah I hate that piece, but I've had parents seriously threaten to pull their kids from the program if we don't play it"" WHY WHAT
foreverphysics wrote:
Teal wrote:
Hahaha I'm not even sure whether I'm taking E or M... probably should study a bit more.

Props to ANY girl who puts in the effort to dress up each day. Or guy. Even my one minute makeup routine is a hassle. (Oy, am I lazy.)
My friend persuaded me to join Pinterest. Some parts of it are pleasant, but jeez... why does EVERYONE want to plan a wedding?
...you are now the only person I know on scioly who actually wears makeup on a regular basis.
Me. Jk. No makeup for me. But I spend 10 minutes most days on hair, does that count?

Not to mention my 30 minutes at night on outfits."
"Wow, winner. My hair is never more than an inch long. I...brush my teeth? Wash the rheum out of my eyes? That's about it
I spend like 30 seconds deciding what I'm gonna wear tomorrow.

Edit: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3wTWWjYTe1I"
"You win, then. I've given up on my hair; it refuses to curl.

Free night--that means studying for bio! Burning through flashcards."
Nope. I do, too.
I just found out that Jason Chen plays violin. He just became five million times cooler. :O And, Happy 25th Birthday, Ian. xD.
Yesterday, I read an interesting article in Reader's Digest about the mental science behind magic tricks.
I like frozen yogurt.... and tumblr!!!! www.blue-dreamer-s.tumblr.com
"Oh my gosh, why does Screnzy have to be in April? I wanna start writing my script now!
EDIT: What are some time travel cliches I should avoid? The idea is two siblings accidentally go back to our time."
"Well, today was an interesting day. The Missouri All-State Band auditions were held at a my high school today, and we band students were forced to ""volunteer"" and run the blind auditions. It was more like indentured servantry, I'd say. We got cards call ""substance tickets"" for only 1 slice of pizza for lunch. Anyways, they put me running the French Horn auditions in the morning. Well. Frankly, most of them were absolutely terrible. Horn players cannot play a scale to save their life...

First up, the chromatic scale. EUGH. There was only 2 or 3 people that played it well. I get that it's pretty hard for the brass to play relatively high/low notes, but IT'S ALL-STATE guys! Comon. (pretty much everyone messed up on the higher notes)

Next were either D major & F minor/ A flat major & E minor. Those wasn't very good either. Some played only 1 octave, a lot of them messed on the minor scales, and some even couldn't play them at all.

The etudes were fine, actually. Not too shabby. Though I had to stay in the horn room all day because someone didn't show up. Fun fun. After 50-70 auditions of 5-7 minutes, the day gets VERY long. I'm not sure if I hate the French Horn or not.

It was pretty cool to see everybody playing random stuff everywhere at the school. Horns I can't say much of, but there was really awesome amazing oboe, flute, trombone, clarinet, mallets, and drums. I swear, the school got at least 10-20 degrees hotter from the hot air people were blowing..."
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pZUxEOvky4U
























































































































Correct.
Congrats!
Grats, winner! (You are truly a winner! xD sorry, bad pun)
Oooh, congratulations!
what are going/hoping to major in?
"Congrats, winner!
Lol, I was going to post something similar to that, but then I realized that you already had. xD"
See you next year!
Good Job!
"I'm sure you all heard about the tragic shooting that took place yesterday. I feel awful that this kind of stuff happens in our world. I just want to say to those who were affected that I'm really sorry about what took place, and I feel for you.
With love,
Cedavis6"
"here is a poem for Connecticut-

I will not be broken.
I will succeed
and heed
the message of resilience
from many who walked before me.
I will rise like the Phoenix and continue to soar.

I will not be broken … I will open my destined door.
- Penny M. Stein"
Singing songs fast is fun,
Especially the campfire song. Or the friends song.
"Oh my gosh. Oh my gosh. Oh my gosh.
Our Christmas play was featured on the news! (Local news, sure, but still on the flippin' news! I guess it's kinda inevitable seeing as one of the reporters go to our church, but wow, just... wow.)"
Double post.
Good Job.
Be the camel, people. BE THE CAMEL.
"Oh, I wasn't in it. I wasn't able to audition, because auditions were on my parent's anniversary.
EmuFreak wrote:
Be the camel, people. BE THE CAMEL.
LOLwut?"
Well, they sure met the 'random' criteria.
A random person with a random comment at a random time. I was talking about people who passed away today when they posted.
"It's kind of strange how when someone follows the intent of this thread, people get confused.

45 elephants look like ribosomes from really far away."
I'd much rather be the apple.
"How to win a debate:

WONTON SOUP. (joke from debate club last year)"
I like your shoelaces.
A music stand bit me today. My band director taught how to count triplets as "chocolate" and sixteenths as "watermelon" today.
223 on PSATs!
205 -_- I'm proud of myself for beating the other smart kid in my pod though.
Hey! That's exactly what I got last year!
Noice. Is it hard to get nmsqt in California? It seems like Cal would be a pretty tough state.
"Heh. I haven't gotten my PSAT results yet.
/me drums fingers nervously."
"National Merit semifinalist cutoff is pretty tough in California - 220 last year, but it hasn't gotten any higher than 221 - but Plover's basically guaranteed semifinalist unless there's an unprecedented increase in the cutoff score

PSAT results haven't been released at my school yet, either."
We got ours back last Wednesday already.
"Crap. I didn't get a part in the talent show.
On a happier note:
SPIRIT WEEK AT SCHOOL!!!
Mon: Green Day
Tue: Ugly Sweater Day (My sweater's really hot...)
Wed: Tropical Day
Thu: Crazy Day
Fri: Purple And Gold Day (School colors)"

Vikings? More like Gladiators!
"...

...

WHY DO PEOPLE DO THIS

WHY"
You...don't consider sweaters acceptable to leave the house in?
Because ugly sweaters are fantastic.
Mine has fake gloves that are pockets. I love it.
Stayed after school to work on science fair, only to have my science teacher bail upon me. So I'm here with my super-cool 7th grade science teacher, Mr. T.
2 more days until holiday break...I'm so excited! I'm driving down to Florida and going on a cruise with some childhood friends. Anyone else going away?
I got top comment on a Youtube video! 0-0
"http://www.noreasterfilm.com/misc/ermahgerd.jpg
(sorry for the link, couldn't figure out how to post pictures)"
"[img*]http://sig.grumpybumpers.com/host/Skink.gif[/img*]

Remove the *s from the image tags; the URl goes in the middle."
It's still not doing it.

I have brought shame upon my family......and now see my error.
"Sweaters are perfectly acceptable and fantastic, however, this is only the case for classy, well fitting sweaters.

Ugly sweaters usually fit into neither of the above categories. They usually pill to a ridiculous extent, have unpleasant and/or clashing colors, overdone patterns, and the works.

Furthermore, ugly ANYTHING day is just bad. Why would anyone dress ugly on purpose?"
Then I suppose, winner, that you would not approve of my usual garb. My sweatpants in particular--it's very loose and been in use for ~3 years. Which means it also looks old as well.
Easy: because 'ugly' sweaters aren't actually 'ugly'? This is just my pet theory, but 'ugly' sweaters are mainly called that out of the irony you're wearing a sweater. Nobody would buy it in the first place if it was truly 'ugly'.
FYI, people at Stanford dress however they please, mostly for comfort - you're not going to see anyone dress up just for class and a lot of people will start out dressing nicely but get lazier and lazier as the year progresses. Once I get back I'm purchasing one of my first pairs of sweatpants. And if you don't like indecency, don't look too carefully at the Band. But seriously, don't, especially at Full Moon on the Quad, unless you want to see a lot of nudity.
"Oh, PSATs...
210.
Really, only a 7 point increase. Oh well, I'll just do better next year."
"Do not approve of sweatpants, so... no.
Skink wrote:
Easy: because 'ugly' sweaters aren't actually 'ugly'? This is just my pet theory, but 'ugly' sweaters are mainly called that out of the irony you're wearing a sweater. Nobody would buy it in the first place if it was truly 'ugly'.


...Right.
Kokonilly wrote:
FYI, people at Stanford dress however they please, mostly for comfort - you're not going to see anyone dress up just for class and a lot of people will start out dressing nicely but get lazier and lazier as the year progresses. Once I get back I'm purchasing one of my first pairs of sweatpants. And if you don't like indecency, don't look too carefully at the Band. But seriously, don't, especially at Full Moon on the Quad, unless you want to see a lot of nudity.
People dress however they please everywhere. Also I never get lazy with regards to this, and even on days that I do, I have a bunch of easy go-to outfits that were just thought out beforehand.

I was thinking about doing band, actually... and I am looking forward to FMotQ (surprised? You shouldn't be )"
"Aw, come on, it's fun to wear stuff like that! It's not that ugly anyway, it's just so out there that it's funny.

And what's wrong with sweatpants? They're comfortable as heck, you know."
-_- You searched for an ugly sweater and took one of the most outrageous things out there, I bet. That person may as well be wearing a colorful quilt! I also don't see what the utility of *that particular* ugly sweater is given the theme...holiday-themed parties?
Honestly, I don't particularly have much taste in clothes; I usually go to school with a hooded sweatshirt, a vest, and a coat. Which is odd, since I live in Southern California
"Your ego is showing... and ugh, FMotQ is disgusting. I only went to see the spectacle, and I only plan on going again because last time there was cake by the exit. (Mm, cake.)

And if you do Band, just... try not to die from alcohol poisoning."
"http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=grbSQ6O6kbs

I'm not dead yet."
Are you undead yet?
"not quite

also, got the image posted. so proud!"
"http://www.timeanddate.com/countdown/maya
One of my friends showed me this! Can't wait!"
"Not dead.

*Waits a few seconds*

Nope, still not dead."
I haven't gone outside in 2 days. Thats just how I like it.
...Hahaha, I'm kidding. I haven't been out of the house for around that time either. #winterbreakftw
I bet it's nicer in California than hear. Also, the town of Oakley is in Northern CA. Have you hear/seen of it?
I shoveled for a while today . Just wait 'til you guys get piles of that stuff...then you'll be outside.
we don't shovel, just drive over it.
I love snow. But we never get it here.
If you had snow--a real Chicago winter--you wouldn't love snow anymore. Trust me.
Debateable. I really love it for the skiing.
In '10 we had a big snowstorm on Christmas and here is my mum's face.
"Lolwhat? I still love snow...
Skink wrote:
I shoveled for a while today . Just wait 'til you guys get piles of that stuff...then you'll be outside.
YOU GOT SHOVEL-ABLE SNOW?!? Hmph, the only snow that's still here is on the grass. Sidewalks/roads all clear Plus, it's only a super-thin layer of ice that only looks like snow..."
Careful. I said I shoveled. I never said I shoveled snow...I spent 45min shoveling layers of ice.
I almost broke my ankle last year on that kind of stuff.
At least you got some layers. We, pah. Nothing.
"That's because we took it all. HA! No snow day, though. Oh yes! I'm frreeeeeeeeeeeeeee from school!

PSATs...161. There. Go laugh at me."
EFO, what part of Missouri are you from?
"Upon google imaging ""ugly sweater"", this was one of the better ones. Others included:







Problem?
Kokonilly wrote:
Your ego is showing... and ugh, FMotQ is disgusting. I only went to see the spectacle, and I only plan on going again because last time there was cake by the exit. (Mm, cake.)
It's not really ego... I just really like clothes? Haha it's not work, so I don't get lazy.

Also it is not disgusting it sounds like so much fun..."
"Took my last final of the semester today, phew. (And to think I'm applying to colleges, where I'll have to take longer/harder ones for another four years...Why do we do this to ourselves...?)
And on that note... I've only got a semester of high school left? What is this I don't even -

Edit: What is that monstrosity of a clown sweater? The poor guy wearing it looks like he really regrets having allowed that photo to be taken"
"LOL, those sweaters...To be honest, I don't really like sweaters in general, though.

Hooded sweatshirts, on the other hand...Those have #swag. xD"
do you mean hoodies? if so, yes
"Hehe, I like how you referred to hoodies as ""hooded sweatshirts"" and then used ""#swag"".

I now own three hoodies. One of them currently resides at Drexel, and another one is new that I shall be bringing there after break."
"hey EASTstroudsburg13,
what do you know about the anthropology department at Drexel? also, what is your major?"
"I don't know all that much about it, since my major is civil engineering. However, here's the Drexel Anthropology department website on the Department of Culture and Communication. It's not very large, so that can be either good of bad depending on what you prefer. They have a one co-op/four year cycle instead of the three co-op/five year cycle I'm currently in, but I would imagine that the co-op for anthropology would be pretty interesting.

If you have any more questions about Drexel, feel free to ask or PM me. I promise I won't give a typical, sugarcoated ""omg this place is the best evar like omg"" answer that you'll get from other sources."
just don't kiss the Tree unless you want mono; people honestly line up to kiss him/her
That is what I've been getting from CollegeConfidential. Or "like I hated it. omg, it just physically hurt to hear that professer who has a slightly different view than me. and people were like sooooo rude, one of them bumped me on an escalator because I was standing there and he was 'in a hurry'. like omg."
WOOH! NOT DEAD!!! WOOH!!!!
You'll hear stuff like that anywhere, though. It's not institution-specific.
I know, but usually I can just tune it out. Just like the slight bitterness of honeydew melon.
"guava
honeydew

...seems you like interesting fruits. I like honeydew myself, though. I'm usually the only one eating the stuff when there's those fruit platters."
Have anyone seen this video by Anonymous? kind of spooky. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D3FeaSomJhQ
"/dead

/sodead

Fitted sweaters >>>>> hoodies
Kokonilly wrote:
winneratlife wrote:
Also it is not disgusting it sounds like so much fun...
just don't kiss the Tree unless you want mono; people honestly line up to kiss him/her
I'm approximately 99% sure I've been exposed to mono and showed no symptoms so...doesn't that make me safe? Also, how does one become the Tree?"
Merry Christmas Guys!
That's right, it's a Festivus miracle!
My goodness... I'm not sure how to react. I though I got on the wrong site.
Ughhhhhh soooo weird. But very festive!
Wow. Just wow.
"It looks nice, but I noticed that it took a few extra clicks to get to this thread.
#FIRSTWORLDPROBLEMS (CLICK TO SHOW HIDDEN TEXT)"
No...same amount of clicks...
I agree
She may be referring to the fact the topic name of the last posted in topic is now not on the index. You can stillget here in a single click by clicking the little box thinger.
I think aim means that you can't get here from the main page. You have to go to posting games then the thread.
"Actually, fozen, you can*. Go back to the index and figure it out
*if it was the last topic posted in

THis is a nice surprise, but I find it a bit strange that the user info is on the right-hand side. That's different."
"Yeah, I meant what Skink/Fozendog said. xD
Edit - I found the way, now, but at the time of the post, I didn't. :P"
"I looooove this new format!

^not sarcasm^"
Wow just wow
"1. Use view your posts. Never fails.
2. Does this always happen?"
I'm pretty sure this is the most Christmasy-theme we've had yet (at least while I was here) but last year we did something like this as well
It's kinda hard to read the blue on red though... Is it too late to change the font color?
The Christmas theme certainly fits the holiday spirit, and I like it (despite it being slightly unnerving). I also have a question. Why is it that the forums and image gallery have the Christmas theme while the wiki and test exchange don't? Is it because the wiki and test exchange are at http://www.scioly.org/wiki/index.php and not http://www.scioly.org/phpBB3 or a different reason?
My guess is the Wiki is a site linked to the forums; therefore, it doesn't use the skin on the board.
"Yes, while the forums may be prone to the occasional party, the [wiki][/wiki] always means business. The wiki is on the job 24/7, every day of the year (except for updates) and never has time for celebrations.

Also we're too lazy to change it."
"Pretty much. They both have two different systems for styling their pages, so it would be quite a bit of work to get the wiki to look the same. Edit: I guess I'm slow.

On a side note about the style, the bolding of the text when you hover over a link is rather annoying."
Why does the botton to compose a new PM say "NEW MP"?
CONSPIRACY!!! CONSPIRACY!!!
But, really...you actually *use* that button?
Hey, it says if you are online or not.
No way!
No, I mean by the person's avatar it says "Online!"
That's scary
I know what you meant. My point is that information was always available if you wanted it. And it's pretty meaningless, anyways, considering how many of you are invisible.

...I can see myself...I am not invisible...
You might be hallucinating. Are you sure you're there?
"Cedavis6: The Wikipedia Game!
Skink: Your Daily Random Comment
A Person: Viewing who is online
ThePrudentGuava: Your Daily Random Comment

EDIT: Mnstrviola just got on."
"we actually ""discovered"" that a while back xD
fun."
Feel free to stalk me. I've got nothing to hide, and what I do on here isn't in the slightest bit interesting
"Stalker.
LOL, I already knew about it."
I know where you live.
Late at night, I view the guest's comings and goings. They're ever so intriguing.
Work on the Wiki...or...something...
on winter break?! Never!
"Hmm...You know that the green triangle on the regular forums means online too...

http://scioly.org/wiki/index.php/SciOly ... ts_mean.3F"
That one's far more subtle is the difference.
I don't ever see that on here. I wonder why.
^ my life story
Knew about me being a stalker?
No, seeing who's online.
I knew you were a stalker. Fess up!
what I don't understand on Who's Online is that it sometimes it will show that a Guest is "sending a PM" or "accesing User Control Panel". How are they doing this? Don't uou have to, you know, be a member to do that?
I have a theory. We can test it, too. I'm gonna sign off and try to PM you. See if you see a Guest 'sending a PM' in a minute or so.
"Is there no link to the wiki/gallery/etc? Or am I just not seeing it?

Also I like the new style except I'd prefer to have the username info on the left of each post. After all we start reading from the left side. Also I preferred having the last thread linked from the index, and yes it still does show last post but it doesn't say what thread so it's kinda useless."
"It's on this page, in fact.
EpicFailOlympian wrote:
http://scioly.org/wiki/index.php/SciOly_FAQ#What_does_the_green_triangle_on_people.27s_posts_mean.3F


...seriously, I went into the source and didn't find any more Wiki links, so I guess that was lost in translation."
who here likes Aquaman? I personally feel a bit sorry for him because people are always hating on him, but I kind of like him as a character.
I don't know the first thing about comics, but I have a friend who, like, shops for the things. And I was telling him a few months back how Aquaman (and others, like the Avengers cast, Batman, and Spiderman) need to modernize their look. Most of these 'iconic' heroes haven't changed much since, what, the fifties? Sixties? SOmething like that...
In the new Superman movie he is losing his red underwear, so thats a start. Also, I though Andrew Garfield pulled off the Spiderman suit well. I think that changing the suits a lot will cause an outrage in the geek community. What addictions or subtractions would you make?
Is it just me or can I not access the wiki/test exchange?
Do you mean there's no link or that you can't actually access it?
"I don't have any issues accessing them...
Here are the links.
Wiki: http://scioly.org/wiki/index.php/Main_Page
Test Exchange: http://scioly.org/wiki/index.php/Test_Exchange"
I meant from the forum page. I can access them from outside, but it's kind of inconvenient.
"I hate this new theme.
Okay, I'll shut up."
"Even if you are safe from mono, Full Moon is pretty gross. And you would want to become the Tree... anyway, it's an annual thing in which people compete to do the most daring things they can think of. I think the current Tree got her (it can also be male) job by streaking all around campus and talking to tourists while streaking or something like that, but I'm not sure. You make your own costume, too.
Skink wrote:
I don't know the first thing about comics, but I have a friend who, like, shops for the things. And I was telling him a few months back how Aquaman (and others, like the Avengers cast, Batman, and Spiderman) need to modernize their look. Most of these 'iconic' heroes haven't changed much since, what, the fifties? Sixties? SOmething like that...
Haven't changed much, but they have changed. All of their uniforms (except Hulk's - you can't change ragged shorts much), in fact, have changed - Spiderman's, Batman's, etc. (they even make a note of it in The Avengers when they say that they modernized Captain America's gear slightly). You can't change them that much without removing the iconic-ness of their looks, though. Also, Iron Man is the best superhero and I will fight you if you say otherwise.

On an unrelated note, I climbed an active volcano!"
I disagree with you on that account. While Iron Man is awesome, Doctor Strange is obviously the best. Mr. Fantastic is a close second. Iron Man is probably....4th.
Captain America is cute.
"At the expense of risking offending someone, I'm gonna throw it out there that the geek fan community seems to be often times unreasonable.
ThePrudentGuava wrote:
What addictions or subtractions would you make?
I'll pick on Captain America. Look at that lame Avengers suit. It has no functionality whatsoever and simply looks ridiculous. He should look more like, I dunno, a Power Ranger, perhaps? Or even he should use the look (so I'm told) he has in one of the comics now where it's stylized combat gear. That's cool, more believable, and isn't such a vestige.
foreverphysics wrote:
I hate this new theme.
I didn't like it, at first, either, but I'm over that. Maybe you'll adjust."
I never understood the point of superhero suits. Especially ones that do nothing to hide your identity.
"My pet theory is they're intended to look cool. The issue is what looked cool in 19XX isn't completely up to 2013 standards. And that's okay.

This is cool(er).


This is not.


This is cool.


This is much less so.


Again, none of the above are practical in any way. A 'real' superhero would probably look like a walking garbage can with all of the protection and gadgets they'd need."
You have been granted permission to stalk me now. I am no longer hidden.
If I were a superhero, I defintely would not wear a suit.
"Unless it was for protection against weapons or the environment.

Note: Whenever I log in, it no longer says ""return to index"" instead, ""return to previous page"". I prefer the new way."
That may depend on the powers you have.
Unless you are Iron Man and therefore awesome
Hello again. I just wanted to let you know that I am still lurking here. In other news, I love the Christmas theme. It's beautiful. Is this new layout going to be permanent?
Iron Man, Batman= No power but are awesome.
"No, unless we get enough incentive from people complaining about it (foreverphysics).
It's just for the holiday.

We had the option of playing this every time someone logged in, but decided against it.
Kokonilly wrote:
Also, Iron Man is the best superhero and I will fight you if you say otherwise.
Being rich isn't a superpower (ergo, does not make a superhero). Not that I'd mind being Iron Man, because then I'd quit being Iron Man and be a rich guy."
Doubtful, seeing as how it's not even completely original. The blues in the posts were retained, and that's only the obvious thing that didn't change. Still, I'd be (and I'm prob not the only one) all for something new other than the one we're used to seeing. Though, a style switcher is probably too much...
"I hate how comic books make people with superpowers one of two ways:
1. I have powers! Let's help people!
2. I have powers! Let's hurt people!"
But I like the snowflakes on over 2/3rds of my screen.
"What other options are there?
3. I have powers! Let's ignore people, sit on the couch, and do nothing!"
"The realistic option:
I have powers! *Sees bad thing happeneing* What do I do?
And, if your pwer is deadly:
I have powers! O NOEZ I KILLED SOMEONE!!!!"
I don't mean to sound homosexual here, but I like his abs. Don't mock me for that or I will sick Doctor Doom on you.
"Hey, if a guy likes abs, that could be considered manly.
Then again, I am a socially awkward girl so how would I know."
"Thanks, you just made my day.

(PS- I require validation from strangers on the Interwebs to live my life successfully)"
"Right, but part of what's cool about Iron Man is that instead of magically receiving superpowers as the result of an accident like most superheroes do, Tony Stark created his own superpowers (plus, hilarity often ensues when it malfunctions).
Skink wrote:
Cedavis6 wrote:
I hate how comic books make people with superpowers one of two ways:
1. I have powers! Let's help people!
2. I have powers! Let's hurt people!
What other options are there?
3. I have powers! Let's ignore people, sit on the couch, and do nothing!
I prefer option #4: Take over the world. >:D"
"It's awesome to wear underwear on your head.
Ugly is a compliment.
Hugging cactuses is fun!"
I find Iron Man to condescending and rude, but occasionally humorous.
"This...after you remove the fact that he's funny at times. He has no redeeming qualities whatsoever and is SO* over the top-

*that's a capitalized 'so', not to be mistaken as an acronym"
I actually like his nemesis, The Mandarin, over Iron Man himself.
Why are shape-shifting superheroes so underrated and underdone?
Martian Manhunter is cool. I think he can shape-shift.
Am I just stupid, or is there really no link to the wiki?
"Ok, huge discussion with my lunch table about this: What if the Superheros did public service work?

1. SuperMan could turn a giant generator, creating huge amounts of energy. Instead he fights villains.
2. Spiderman could make structures out of silk. Silk>Steel in strength. Instead he fights criminals.
3. Iron Man, however, is the leading source of advancements in technology. In the beginning of The Avengers (I disliked the movie) he is seen developing clean energy."
"Woah,I remember seeing a comic or something exploring the idea of having Superman generate power. I'll try to find it again.

EDIT: http://www.smbc-comics.com/comics/20110713.gif"
"Nice!

EDIT: There seems to be a large amount of empty space under my posts."
"You're not stupid, so let's rule that out. There is no link at the top of the page as usual, though I can think of a few ways to get there...
1. the first post of any event discussion topic
2. admins' sigs (at a minimum)
3. Google
4. someone posted a direct like a page or two ago
I'm sure there are more. Here."
"We don't know that for sure. sciencegeek999, take this test and then post your results and we can then answer the age old question.
test- http://www.quizrocket.com/stupid-test

EDIT- after reading it over, it sounds kinda condescending, sorry about that. I was kidding,"
sorry for double posting, but Merry Christmas!
"My results were not stupid and that I failed it. I'm relieved.
Well, I got the link and sent it to myself in a pm; I'll open it from there."
I'm spending Christmas listening to Linkin Park with my friends... seems legit.
I hate this new theme...
Is there a new theme for every holiday? I want to see them pull off Martin Luther King Jr. Day or Flag Day or Victoria Day.
"http://www.rinkworks.com/brick/
This is awesome."
Curse my love of Gouda and Muenster. I have myself a stomach ache.
"Under no circumstances should you ever reproduce." How did you find this?
RinkWorks is a great site. For example, it can teach the fundamentals of debate.
It seems cool. I myself have never visited it.
"You know what else is a good website?

ThinkGeek. I got presents from them for Christmas."
"Call Me Maybe 1000 times slower actually sounds really cool.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FSxquE6VDiQ"
It would make for really good space music. Actually, there are probably lots of things that would make for good space music if they were slowed down 1000x.
This makes me wanna slow down songs on my mp3.
"That is really cool. Sounds very peaceful.

I'll try this for other songs..."
Backwards > Slowed Down
I am going to attempt to grow my hair out, then dye it auburn. Or vice-versa.
"Finding it difficult to enjoy reading Beowulf. One of my senior SO buddies was raving about it to me, yet I find it rather flat.

Got ACT scores today though XD 31 on my first try with no studying. Woot."
Aaugh! My Keep the Heat partner is such a brony that he listens to songs from MLPFIM while we're testing the device. I'm thinking, MAKE IT STOP PLEASE until he pauses to take measurements.
Blast Wizard Rock back at him. Or J/K-POP.
Apparently I am a good Harry Styles-esque dancer, according to Just Dance.
Just Dance 4?
yup. My aunt got it and she posted a video of us dancing to some JB song on Facebook. Kinda embarrasing because I am a really sucky dancer.
Les. Miserables. Was. Amazing.
well aren't we lucky? I haven't been to the cinema in months. I've been wanting to go, but I haven't put much effort out in asking so that probably why.
"Agreed, it was pretty awesome, though some of the characters and scenes looked very different from how I pictured them in my head XD

For sound alone, I still stand by the 10th Anniversary Dream Cast, but those guys (and girls) are...y'know, professional singers..."
"It was AWESOME, but my whole family came so some parts were awkward to watch with my parents / elementary-grade sisters.
I liked the Thenardier ""Master of the House"" scene the best"
I love anime and manga, especially Fairy Tail.
I just related this: I know a computer programmer that is named Jim R.
My brother went with a date. I'm going monday. but i've seen some of the songs and they chose fantastic voices but they're obviously un- or incorrectly trained.
Also true. my brother and his date (both mormon, like my whole family) found their popcorn very interesting at certain points.
"Random Les Mis thoughts: I've had the scenes from the movie stuck in my head all day...it's a terrible feeling. I think this is the first time in my life in which I have wanted to see a movie more than once in theatres.
Anyways, yeah, a lot of the scenes were different from the book/musical, especially Gavroche's solo in Look Down. I'm still annoyed that they cut verses in A Little Fall of Rain, Turning, A Heart Full of Love and Javert's second solo song. But they added a TON of details from the book that weren't in the musical. I am so happy for that XD
They put Stars before Look Down. I always thought it should be that way. Javert is awesome. It kind of bothered me that was never in the finale.
I won't say my favourite scene...it spoils too much.
And yes, all of you guys should see Les Mis. Now."
Took the Duke ACT thing and got my test scores back yesterday. Got 31, 32 in science. good for,the average science Olympian/Asian (I'm Asian, btw, not just stereotyping science Olympians)
Happy New Year (an hour late) from Manila!
I completely agree. The acting was quite expressive and the sets were amazing, but if you're going for the voices, stay at home and watch the Dream Cast on youtube.
NEW YEARS: THE POSTS ARE COMING!!!
six hours fifty-four minutes to go where i'm at.
Obligatory:
I ♥ SyFy's New Year Twilight Zone marathon!!!!!!!! THANK YOU SYFY AND ROD SERLING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
There is a Doctor Who marathon on BBCAmerica. Doctor Who is better than Twilight Zone, thats a fact.
Tell that to Mr. Bey.
I don't know him, but if you provide me with an email address I can tell him.
This. MADE ME LAUGH SO HARD.
Part one of the 2013 posts, already three hours late from here: happy new year to all! (from Valparaiso - the fireworks across the entire coastline were lovely )
I don't know if YouTube is being used a lot because of the holiday or what but I have noticed a serious diminishment in video loading speed in the last 3 hours or so.
"Sent in all of my applications, then read my common app personal statement and laughed at how ridiculously bad it was.

& happy new year everyone!"
"All of these old threads coming up and I can't see the ones I post in!
... (CLICK TO SHOW HIDDEN TEXT)
And Happy New Year!"
"View your posts. Never fails.

Happy New Year and old avatar!"
So many threads have been revived!
Edit: Quite a few users online: 26. Is there usually that many?
I'm getting confused by the new, or old I guess, avatars.
Thats ok. You'll get used to them.
Says the person with the new avatar that I didn't recognize
Do you any of you read The Straight Dope blog? It's pretty cool for trivia and weird questions (i.e. monetary value of the moon, vampires getting blood-borne diseases, etc.).
New Year, New Avatar.
I like your new invisible avatar.
Yes, my brother also reads it. but I don't like it, it's sort of boring, but that's just my opinion.
I like your...battery?
Danisnotonfire is doing a live show on New Years Day! best thing ever omg yes
it's already the New Year.
Servo motor. Note the two wires on the left, as well as the axle on the right.
Wrong and wrong. Try again.
I will go ahead and say that it is a CIM motor.
"Ahhh...
To have my old avvy back."
There are a lot of "birthdays" today.
Congratulations. You win.
yay! my prize is....nothing. As can be expected.
"Surprise! You actually did win a prize!
YOUR PRIZE (CLICK TO SHOW HIDDEN TEXT)
Yaaay! Okay, yeah, I need to stop with the Dan references. xD"
I love Dan refrences. Don't stop.
Obvi
"DON'T WORRY, I DON'T PLAN ON STOPPING. (CLICK TO SHOW HIDDEN TEXT)
But, yeah, I literally have like a document full of Youtuber gifs that I use to reply to my friends. It's needless to say that it annoys them, but it's so much fun. I can't stop xD."
@aim4me26, do you ever watch charlieissocoollike?
Yes! He's amazing, but he doesn't upload that much anymore.
he said in one of his videos a little while ago that he wasn't feeling like doing the videos in such quantity, I think he will be doing more in a few months. Maybe.
Nice avatar, mnstrviola!
thanks! you too
Well, I will say I am quite excited to be able to say I get to meet Neil deGrasse Tyson about mid April.
WHOA that's really cool! In what context? You should come up with something weird/unique to do/say to him so that it'll be even more memorable!
Bring up Pluto.
"About the same context that I got to meet Bill Nye the Science Guy last year.
He is the speaker at a 3.2 banquet this year for my college, and I should get invited to it again since I had over a 3.2 GPA. Will probably just get my picture taken with him like last year when I got my picture taken with Bill Nye."
Luo, do your shirts have Domo on them again this year?
Our shirt this year isn't Domo-themed like last year, but we put a little silhouette of Domo on the back just to pay homage. You'll see them at River Falls!
"WHOA you two. That's amazing! I would metaphorically slap an infant just to meet either of them. Can we just talk about Bill's rant on creationism?

On another note--
Just submitted my application to Harvey Mudd. So relieved but it's nerve-wracking."
"Scuuuuuba diving. And snorkeling. Near the worldwide hotspot of biodiversity.

Fun stuff."
We kind of had a Nerd Herd tradition, but the coaches said "No Nerd Herd" this year.
"I won't be at River Falls this year T-T South Sub is that day and we have to go to ""defend our honor"" or some such. Honestly, of the two, RF would benefit us more since all of the events will be there. I'll find someone at State, then.

I sat outside today, in the snow, reading about Eskimos' winter survival skills."
Caltech Common App+supplement+more supplemental materials all submitted. UChicago finished yesterday. Now there is just waiting til Marchand scholarship apps
Not to mention interviews and financial aid apps . . .
"Aww man, that's very unfortunate. River Falls is gonna be lackluster this year compared to last year. No Apple Valley, no Eastview, no Wayzata so far... and we only get to send 3 teams, meaning only about half of our people get to compete. Bleh.

/end rant"
"And this is why I love early action It's been a great, stressfree break!

With lots of enthusiastic Google+ ing"
Early Action is only stressfree if you don't get deferred to Regular Action. -_- Especially when you just end up getting rejected anyway haha.
"Pit orchestra: where you spend more time trying to figure out the handwritten music than actually practicing.

Can't someone please throw these things into Finale? Or like, recopy them with neater notation?"
AWWWWWWWWWWW YEAHHHHHHHHH
I knew you were going to say something
I knew you were going to say something about knowing he was going to say something
I knew you were going to say something about knowing that he knew that he was going to say something.
I knew you were going to say something about knowing that I was going to say something about knowing he was was going to say something about knowing he was going to say something
I know something.
I know everything that was going to be posted about things being posted recursively.
I knew that you were going to say that you know everything that was posted about things being posted recursively.
I knew that you would post about something of that nature.
I knew that you would post something about my post.
I knew about the channels that your neurons would fire down when you were typing that post.

"elevatorspls.

you know that bucket of water with a little tap at the bottom that dispenses the water?
ARE YOU SUPPOSED TO PUSH IT DOWN OR PRESS UP I MEAN WHICH WAY DISPENSES THE MOST WATER PER UNIT OF TIME I DON'T KNOW AND WHY DO THEY MAKE IT MULTIPLE WAYS ANDFAJEOFJAEOFJE FNRLRJFOAWFJEOJEWO

2 more hours until presentations for DECA. I have never brushed my teeth so well in my life."
Oh, you were telling me about this earlier, correct? Good Luck! Also, since it'll probably be over by the time you see this, how was it?
"6th grade scioly regionals all over again ;p
My presentations were shorter than anyone else's and I answered questions by repeating something that seemed relevent. I think my franchising presentation might have made top 50% though :D"
"From experience, you pull it up. The reason is that you can pull it with a full 90 degrees of motion, and usually only push it down for about 20 degrees. It gets more of the stoppage out of the way.

Source: Filling my water bottle hundreds of times at HSHSP during the heat wave when I had no air conditioning; usually under intense time pressure to get to lab."
"So my school play takes place in London, ergo 60% (Yes, exactly 60%.) of the characters have some sort of British accent. Although the character I want to be is American, I may have to read lines from one of the 60% of those who do, so the director suggested that we watched various British TV shows, or stuff of the like, to know what they sound like.

Perfect excuse for me to play Professor Layton."
"- SHERLOCK* (the latest show I've been burning through - thank god for Korean Air and their awesome in-flight selection; available on Netflix streaming or all Korean Air flights )
- Horrible Histories (one of the, if not the, best children's show currently on the air - you can find most of their skits and songs on Youtube)
- Top Gear** (FANTASTIC show - you don't even need to like cars because the hosts are just that good; available on Netflix streaming)

* - Not Elementary with Lucy Liu as Watson. That show bored me. Sherlock, on the other hand... so good.
** - Not the History Channel kind. They're just imitating the BBC show."
you forgot Doctor Who.
"Sorry, I haven't started modern Doctor Who, though I've been told to (I watched the first arc of the black-and-white series a long time ago but never continued). I hear it's good too though.

EDIT (this is my third attempt at an edit; Sea-Tac's airport wifi sucks): The Harry Potter movies are sort of meh, but I hear the audiobooks by Jim Dale are quite good."
"Our school play is taking place on the same day as SciOly regionals! What do I do whatdoIdowhatIdoIdo aaaaaaah
Eh, I have a really small role so it won't matter anyways.

EDIT: OMG KOKO YOU KNOW HORRIBLE HISTORIES"
Don't worry, I haven't started old DW yet. My mum refuses to get Netflix until she can make the DVD player work. And Netflix is the only place I can find the old ones.
"/bows down to all-knowing

and I actually won 2nd on the test portion of an event"
"My braces are off, too!
I may have to consider those tv shows..."
"Sherlock? Definetly yes
Horrible Histories are really good, especially the Roman ones, and they have very thick accents iirc
Top Gear is very funny, their accents are rather thin but I'd recommend episodes 8:3, 9:3, 10:9, 14:6, 15:1, and 16:3 as some good starters
And of course don't forget DW!!!!

I'd also suggest Downton Abbey
ThePrudentGuava wrote:
Kokonilly wrote:
Sorry, I haven't started modern Doctor Who, though I've been told to (I watched the first arc of the black-and-white series a long time ago but never continued). I hear it's good too though.

EDIT (this is my third attempt at an edit; Sea-Tac's airport wifi sucks): The Harry Potter movies are sort of meh, but I hear the audiobooks by Jim Dale are quite good.
Don't worry, I haven't started old DW yet. My mum refuses to get Netflix until she can make the DVD player work. And Netflix is the only place I can find the old ones.
I need to watch the old series too, my friend downloaded all 800Gb of it last summer and still hasn't finished watching it all"
Downton Abbey, yes! I missed the last season or two and can't find when it's on PBS.
YESSSSS I love the Borgia Family and English Civil War songs
"Well, looks like Pokemon finally ran out of colors:
http://bulbanews.bulbagarden.net/wiki/P ... _announced
http://www.pokemon.com/us/"
Did you stream the announcement, too?[/nerds]
"The Kings and Queens song will always have a special place in my heart as I memorised the song for fun in my spare time in seventh grade.

My science teacher told us that absolute zero was reached yesterday!"
My one really Pokémon obsessed friend woke up at 5 just to watch it. I was surprised that they haven't made a Grey version, but a B/W II. All I have to say is that most of the new Pokémon aren't as cool (art-wise) que the first couple gens...
A few scientists made quantum gas that goes below absolute zero. http://www.accuweather.com/en/weather-n ... ro/3684063
While they didn't make a third game for Gen V à la Yellow, Crystal, etc, if they do decide to make a third game for Gen VI, I think we know what they'll probably name it. I just might hold out for that, it sounds like it would be made for me!
"ikr @ Pokemon Grey.

Pokemon X and Y sound kinda lame, but the new graphics are potentially awesome.

inb4newpokemonrlamerants"

...whatever that is, I can't see it.
"Lol forever. Too bad you couldn't enjoy it all - I TOOK THE REST!

Oh and I'm going to GeoBee School Finals!
BOBBY MARTIN IS AN ARSENIC SULFIDE"
Remember: United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.
"Today my French teacher was out sick, so we watched Phantom of the Opera (in French) instead. Best French class ever. :D

In other news, I am freaking out juuuust a little bit for District Orchestra..."
"HELP! I'M INTERESTED IN EVERYTHING AND I DON'T KNOW WHAT CLASSES TO TAKE! No, I don't know what my major is

For the kind-hearted folks out there, please take a moment out of your busy lives to hear my case:

Basically, I have 3 more elective spots left, and filling them is driving me crazy. The other 5 blocks are already pretty hefty classes, though.

The classes at question:
Orchestra (Violin. Awesome.)
French (Already had 3 years, heard something about needing 4 to waive some college graduation req?)
Classical Ideas and World Religions (Awesome old teacher who may be retiring the year after next year, very interested in that stuff)
Astronomy
Digital Media
AP Computer Science

Oh, and career classes that take up 2 blocks:
C++
Web Design and Scripting
Civil Engineering and Architecture
Photonics
Electronics/Robotics
Culinary Arts
Professions in Healthcare

…
???
I is overwhelmed to death."
"You only need 3 years?! I have to suffer through FIVE YEARS of Spanish MINIMUM.

Hah, if I were picking your classes for you:
French
Astronomy
Classical Ideas and World Religions

Orchestra is not necessary as you already play violin. It would be nice to do orchestra, yeah, but overall, comparatively? Orchestra falls behind everything else.

But that's just my petty little opinion, what do I know."
"Actually, I only need 2 credits of the same language to graduate from HS. College...apparently 4 can waive some foreign language for some colleges/take one class and leave (Depending on the University and the Major)
foreverphysics wrote:
Hah, if I were picking your classes for you:
French
Astronomy
Classical Ideas and World Religions
No career center classes? That Computer/Engineering/Culinary stuff looks really interesting...but takes up so much time too..."
Can't you only waive it if you take the AP test? (Assuming they even let you do that...)
I don't know if it's just me, but it appears as though your school has a crazy amount of classes offered. Professions in Health Care? Photonics? Do you go to a magnet school or a STEM-specific school?
Not to mention Astronomy, all those programming classes, and Civil Engineering.... count me as jealous.
"This is just from my personal experience in my school, but the vocational(career) classes in highschool where I am are just where they dump kids that have nothing else to do... We have an 'engineering' class at my school where, for one project, kids design a family tree in powerpoint(no joke..) and the teacher has told me specifically not to take the class...

Rant on vocationals done... If I were choosing classes, I'd go with

Orchestra(It's not that difficult a class(comparatively, but could be a lot of time), but it gives you a fun class and it looks good to colleges to see a mix of interests(music/science))
Classical Ideas and World Religions(I put a big value on who teaches the class, plus it sounds like an interesting elective, and again, variety)
French(the 4th year is probably AP French Language, which is a difficult test, but if it's anything like the Spanish AP language class you'll come out of it vary capable, knowing other languages is a big plus in anything)

Oh, and a note on AP Comp Sci... Took it my freshman year, the class itself was a real waste of time, I breezed through the work and got a 5 without studying... a bunch of other people did too. If you want this AP credit and have some computer background, I'd just do it self-study.

Obviously I've got a lot of friends in the top of my class that worry about how classes look on college apps, so I look at that kind of thing too Some of the career blocks are interesting(to me, at least) but... yeah... in my school at least they aren't the classes you want to be in."
Hi!
"Do you take those in school or get bused elsewhere for those classes? From my experience, you don't take those because you're bored. Note what iwonder said unless this is a legitimate outside program...or if it really takes as much out of your schedule as you're saying it does.
foreverphysics wrote:
EpicFailOlympian wrote:
French (Already had 3 years, heard something about needing 4 to waive some college graduation req?)
You only need 3 years?! I have to suffer through FIVE YEARS of Spanish MINIMUM.
There's only 4yrs in high school, forever ...how many of those years are baby middle school Spanishes? You know like,
?Que te gusta hacer?
Me gusta correr.

Anyways, the one that'd obviously serve you the best in the long run is the AP one (unless you're going to be a restaurant chef), but I'm going to provide a different take on it than above. For every ten people that think they're capable of self-studying an AP class, I'll bet only one or two pass (pass as-in 3, mind you, and not all schools take 3s nowadays). Sure, the scioly.org use base is better than probably five of those ten, but I need to mention that even an 'easy AP' test is no cakewalk to pass with no class. Don't forget the cost. What is it, around $85 or so? And it's not as if taking that could be considered a waste of time relative to your other choices..."
I'm sorry. I meant 5 courses of Spanish (Spanish 1 through 5). High school actually allows enough time for you to take up to nine years of Spanish. (though that's crazy, who wants to do that?) Generally, though, the courses take a year. I started Spanish 1 (which counted as a credit) in 8th grade, so I actually do have time in high school to do 5 years.
No, I don't think so. Our school district cooperates with the Career Center, basically almost another high school filled with cool stuff. (See the right for all classes offered there) Another high school has a small planetarium in it, so that’s why Astronomy is offered. I…really can’t make a decision.
"Looks to me that the career classes aren't useful at all if you don't know what you want to do, especially if they consume 2 blocks. Assuming you've been in orchestra and aren't horrific, orch would a) give you an ""easier"" class and b) give you something nonacademic to do. I like music, though.

One of my regrets is definitely dropping French; I suppose it paid off in the end but I still know a bit and like to show it off; it would be nice to actually know it. Second languages are really cool, and surprisingly useful.

And you're going to have to learn CompSci someday, so may as well get on it. Plus I believe APCS is one of the most commonly accepted AP credits...? I know Stanford takes it, anyways."
A person from Solon that is a fan of Kentucky? I'm surprised, it's usually Kentucky school kids adoring your school's ability.
"Haha I was born in Kentucky, became a HUGE fan of their basketball program. That's all

On a side note, if I went to HS in Kentucky (I was born in Lexington), I would've gone to Dunbar HS."
Interesting... I've taken a total of 6 years of Spanish (7th-12th grade), but I was placed into second-year college-level Spanish. Makes you wonder what on earth I was learning for five years.
"What is you guy's opinions on early graduation? And about going to uni* in the UK, as I have read on Bristol's website and student reviews that you get to skip the general studies stuff that you usually encounter in 1st and, somewhat, 2nd years in US colleges. I don't know if applying to there would be favourable/unfavourable/neutral to graduate school in the US. And I was intending to go for Anthropology/Archaeology, btw.

* = university"
"If you'll be going to a good high school (academically strong with interesting classes and extracurriculars - you won't end up bored and out of classes to take by junior/senior year), it makes sense to stay there the full four years - make the most out of a free (assuming you go to a public school) education!
If by general studies you mean those core requirement type classes in subjects outside of your major, then I've heard that too... that'll be something you'll want to look into more. But don't get too hung up on it now, you've got plenty of time.
Coincidentally, I have a friend who applied to Cambridge... I keep forgetting to ask him exactly why he wants to go there (it's his first-choice school, he went there and interviewed and all). Anyways, I can't really see how how getting your undergraduate degree in the UK instead of the US would be bad for grad school application, if you'd have ended up at a similarly rigorous university in the US. Maybe some might think it makes you a more interesting applicant, but I don't know if you'd be any more well-prepared. Again, especially considering which majors you're interested in, you've got plenty more research ahead of you as to which schools, US and otherwise, have good programs in each that will best prepare you for grad school and beyond.
I guess this is more general advice than specific to your situation, but from the viewpoint of someone who's just finished applying to colleges (and would legitimately consider the flagship state school - already in, woo!- over any more ""prestigious"" places I may get into, even without considering the cost difference), it seems to me that ""it's not where you go, but what you do there"" that matters, cliché as it is. Wherever you go to college/uni, if you make the most of it, you'll be fine.

...Ugh, I really do need to work on varying my sentence structure. How many times can I use parentheses/the comma in a sentence, anyway?"
"Nobody asked me, but...(everything said above is good, but reinforcement never hurts, right?)

Bad, don't do it...I've known a person or two who did it, and everyone torqued their heads asking 'Why?'. There is no reason to race out of high school. Aside from that being where your friends are, there are academic reasons not to.
-If you do not intend to load up on classes, take the time to have a study hall, thereby spreading things out and, presumably, doing better in the classes you have
-If you are that ahead, explore different subjects and take APs. That will knock away at college as well as a more surefire idea that you know what you want to do.
It goes without saying that planning all of this too much in advance isn't the best idea. Like I told EFO, this isn't something you do because you're bored.
ThePrudentGuava wrote:
And about going to uni in the UK, as I have read on Bristol's website and student reviews that you get to skip the general studies stuff that you usually encounter in 1st and, somewhat, 2nd years in US colleges. I don't know if applying to there would be favourable/unfavourable/neutral to graduate school in the US. And I was intending to go for Anthropology/Archaeology, btw.
I mean, if you are 110% sure that is what you want to do, then that sort of approach could be appropriate. I think it's dangerous considering how much flip-flopping majors folks do in general.
Regarding going to school abroad, that is a major decision that you need to be sure of (and you have a long time to think about it!). Schools in the US have study abroad programs, you know, where you get the chance to spend a semester or two studying at choice locations around the world, though I dunno about specifically where you're looking or anything.

This may sound backwards, but I'd study abroad before cutting high school short.
chia wrote:
someone who's just finished applying to colleges (and would legitimately consider the flagship state school - already in, woo!- over any more ""prestigious"" places I may get into, even without considering the cost difference)
Not gonna be a townie?"
"Thanks guys! but I guess it would be gals in this situation, either way, thanks. And did you notice in the question how I spelled favourable? It's spelled the British way for.....fun, I guess. It's really sad what I consider fun.

EDIT: my main reason for wanting an early graduation was that I wanted to get out of college by the time I'm 30 or so. Because 4 years of high school + 4 years undergrad + 2 years for masters + 5-8 years for PhD = 15-18 years in school and I would like to get out just a little bit earlier than that and I know that 1 year won't make much of a difference."
"I'm not quite sure what that means? Anyways, my main problem with UIUC is its proximity to... nothing whatsoever XD
ThePrudentGuava wrote:
EDIT: my main reason for wanting an early graduation was that I wanted to get out of college by the time I'm 30 or so. Because 4 years of high school + 4 years undergrad + 2 years for masters + 5-8 years for PhD = 15-18 years in school and I would like to get out just a little bit earlier than that and I know that 1 year won't make much of a difference.
That seems a little bit of a silly reason to me... you can still get plenty of ""work"" experience while in school, if that's what it's about (you could have a job while completing your masters, and there's lots of research involved at each level). Also, I don't think PhDs really take that long... I was under the impression it was more like 4-6 years - my dad got his in 4 and 5 years respectively. (Yeesh, he was in school for what, 13 years after high school? Crazy.) Altogether I really don't think it adds up to school until age 30+ for the majority of students pursuing graduate degrees, again considering what majors you have in mind (aka you're not aiming to be a doctor ).

And wow, you're giving this a lot of thought for still being in Division B. Not saying it's a bad thing, but be careful not to get too far ahead of yourself and plan things out way in advance. As sure as you may feel of your current choice, you never know what else you might want to pursue if you don't give yourself a chance to find out. High school is for figuring this out! (And even then you might not be quite sure... I changed my mind twice before deciding on the major I'd apply with, and even then I'm not 100% set on it - there's too much interesting stuff out there!)
ThePrudentGuava wrote:
but I guess it would be gals in this situation.
-snicker-"
Okie dokie. I will have to think about that. Chia, what was your dad's PhD in and where did he go for it?
I just saw a CNN headline that red "Flu Outbreak at Epidemic Level". Because writing "Flu Epidemic" would have been SO hard.
"Yup. There's a ton of anglophiles here. In fact, look at the buttons when making your post. I see 'Font colour'.
chia wrote:
Skink wrote:
chia wrote:
someone who's just finished applying to colleges (and would legitimately consider the flagship state school - already in, woo!- over any more ""prestigious"" places I may get into, even without considering the cost difference)
Not gonna be a townie?
I'm not quite sure what that means? Anyways, my main problem with UIUC is its proximity to... nothing whatsoever XD
Oh, you never heard that term? Sorry. It's as if someone living in Champaign were to go to U of I. Isn't there a school in your town? I assumed you weren't applying there, then, is all.
...and definitely. South of a certain point, there's nothing. It's just like how civilization ends west of the Mississippi."
"Central has an ADVANCED FLORAL DESIGN class!!!! We all think that it's hilarious!!!!!!

I will not take it, as you can probably figure."
"One in physics at SUNY Albany, one in math at UMichigan. I think originally he wanted to be a theoretical physicist?
Skink wrote:
chia wrote:
Skink wrote:
Not gonna be a townie?
I'm not quite sure what that means?
Oh, you never heard that term? Sorry. It's as if someone living in Champaign were to go to U of I. Isn't there a school in your town? I assumed you weren't applying there, then, is all.
Heh, the only college directly in my town is North Central College, which for some reason has something of a performing arts focus and is way not worth the price. Their 150th anniversary motto was ""A Promising Start"""
"I'm in eighth grade, and I'm applying to IMSA. But I know I'll defer - I'm already the youngest, and I want to take advanced math+science classes there. My year at Central, I'll probably take multiple weighted courses - even with my activities.

Oh and we had a lockdown drill today. We hid in a back corner, and I was the last one there, so I didn't really have much room. Until I squeezed myself under some chairs. Yeah Mr. Bey did not take too kindly to that. NO REGRETS"
"Thought so. What I know about it gave me the same impression

^Fortunately, IMSA isn't as hard to get into as you might assume. I know a few folks who went there...one belonged there, but another wasn't anything special with his academics and left after a year because, as he said, he was 'too cool for IMSA'. Translation: he failed out. I'm sure you'll be fine; odds are, you're better than him."
the closest advanced school that we have around here is in Tulsa and that is about 1 1/2 hours away.
If you're that far out of Tulsa (assuming you're further yet from Oklahoma City), does that mean you live in the middle of nowhere?
middle of no-where.
"Nice. I actually kinda like the 'middle of nowhere' in a weird way except...
-the thought of the nearest, for example, Wal Mart being 30min away is frightening
-there aren't many SO teams in the middle of nowhere"
"My Walmart is 30 minutes away.....or 25 to the other, more disappointing, one in the county seat.

sorry for the poor quality. Made it in paint."
"Don't worry, we all think it's hilarious too. Is Croco actually recommending people for AP World now? In my year she barely recommended anyone - I wasn't recommended, but Ancient History was so slowww that I talked the teachers into letting me take AP World. (And please don't even think about taking Cultures, assuming they still offer it.)

Also, ThePrudentGuava, I can't see your image in the above post."
Yeah, it seems like something pulled from Gmail or the like looking at the link. If you're uploading something, I'd stick it on tinypic, imageshack, or photobucket.
does that work?
I'm sorry. I assume there's other stuff to do,r ight?
I'm assuming that you mean other stuff like extracurriculars and what-nots. There is the ubiquitous football that Oklahomans love, but I'm not in that. There is community theatre (which I'm in), we also have a newly formed quiz bowl team, a robotics team, a bowling league, etc. I'm going to try and sign up for a few of those next year as well as start the SO team.
"Forever, are you a Professor Layton fan? You seem like one who'd like those games.

EDIT: And crap, both my event partners aren't going to Invitationals, and I HAVE to have an event conflict.
Not. Cool."
Yay! I have three stars!! :D
"?
If it's a riddle, you're Orion's belt. I know it's not a riddle..."
"I have three of my events at the same time at an upcoming invitational and then another two that conflict. *shrugs*

So it goes."
I'm so happy I don't have any event conflicts for Invitationals! I'm getting nervous actually, it's so close! January 25 - 26
So it goes? Was that a...Kurt Vonnegut reference?
Yep. It appears 106-odd times in Slaughterhouse-Five.
that's a good one ... but it's not a riddle.

OHHHHHHH...that makes sense.
Now, whenever I see a person with three stars, I'll immediately think of Orion's belt. Thanks.
Don't look. I know you want to. Don't. DON'T. LOOK. Aww, you blew it, East.
Hey, you DID use double negatives.
I got 2nd place in science bowl practice today!
"I will be turning in my bridge project within an hour
SO nervous!"
"Haha good play on words/ abbreviations!
I am an exalted member now? wow..."
I just became the state supervisor for helicopters at Pennsylvania's State Tourney!
Congrats! Do you have break that day?
I get to see a broadway show for just 20 bucks!
fan of KY, lives in OH, supervises in PA. Wow.
I am now on Dynamic Planet...
Not sure yet! I'll find out soon enough, hopefully...
Exams. Blech.
What exams? Just late semester finals?
Midterms. I'm not nervous or anything, they're just SOOOOO boring.
"Congrats!
Cedavis6 wrote:
I get to see a broadway show for just 20 bucks!
Which show? That's seriously cool!

Also, good luck on your midterms. xD"
"Thanks!

I got to see ""Singin' in the Rain"" for the same price. And it actually rained on stage (THere was even a splash zone!)"
"there seems to be an inordinate amount of spammers on here. I'm not sure why they think this would be a good place to ""sell"" their ""product"" (cough cough viruses cough). Kudos to the mods for deleting their posts quickly though.

EDIT-


This was a spammer that posted after me. I found that somewhat funny. Run it through Google Translate if you want to know what it says."
I was wearing ballet shoes in the team picture.
Is it a bad thing that I wish my classes started already.
Not at all. Part of me was very glad when my classes started last week.
Nerd.
you're one to talk.
Lol this spam is becoming a bit much. i saw two ads that could have taken away my innocently pure soul with one click.
I'm so so so sorry. But yeah, good thing my pure innocent soul is already taken by the "Offended" page of Encyclopedia Dramatica. Don't look at it. It contains that and more. Spare your poor soul. There is nothing curious about it. I should of stopped at the first couple pictures. Scarred for life, NSFL.
"Yeah. I honestly didn't expect such graphic pictures but I guess spammers have no code of ethics. Either way, my innocence was gone way before this incident. I just didn't expect it on here. Strange.

EDIT- fixed redundancies"
Lol I'm not really innocent. I just wanted some dramatic effect
Has anyone on here taken the SAT 2? Or heard of it?
The subject tests? Definitely. Almost any high school junior or senior (or college freshman) (or older, if they remember) could help you out there. What about them?
I've heard of them but I've only taken the PSAT
It's just that all the universities I've been looking at want/need them and my school doesn't offer them to us. I think I will just have to go up to Joplin or Tulsa, but it's nothing to major. What subjects should I test in?
5 emails and 2 letters from random colleges in a day. And the day isn't even over yet.
Yay, bottle rockets. Joy.
"these? or

these?"
@ThePrudentGuava- Ones similar to the second picture.
Diet pop rockets are the best! You can preload them, drop them in the fridge, and wait until an unsuspecting sibling or parent comes by wanting a drink...and then it sprays all over them!
Gross, diet soda.
Gross, any kind of pop
I actually like soda on occasion. My brother drinks a 2-liter a day. I wish I was kidding.
I know a few people who drink diet pop by the 2L...doesn't that defeat the purpose of drinking diet?
I haven't been on here in a billion years...

Depends on the school, but if you're interested in sciencey things then I recommend the Math II test, some other science test (physics/chem/bio, E or M, doesn't matter), and at least one non-science (history, foreign language, etc.) test. Just to cover your bases.
"IMO you shouldn't worry about taking the subject tests until you have finished your junior year. Until then focus on the regular SAT. As for which ones to take, it depends on what the schools want. If your looking at science they will almost certainly want the Math II, which is by far the most popular one. Many schools will require Math II and any science test. As for the humanities I don't know who requires them.

One other tip, plan on taking them twice. They are a totally different experience to the SAT or PSAT. On my first try I got 710 on Math II and 720 on Physics, second time brought it up to 780 and 800 respectively."
Did the font for usernames change?
I think that you should take the Subject Tests at the end of the school year in which you took the subject in question. For example, if you take AP Biology sophomore year, it would be logical to take the Biology Subject Test near the end of your sophomore year so the material is still fresh in your mind.
"IT'S SNOWING
IN ALABAMA
/me does mandatory happy snow dance"
"Finals done! No school tomorrow or Monday

And well, we don't have snow..."
Awesome! The snow is melting up here.
True, but provided that it is an AP class, you have AP scores to show your performance so there's no large need to take a subject test as well. And you'll most likely only take on test other than Math II, so why not wait til you are taking the highest level science classes as a senior and take that subject test.
Ermagersh! At least you guys HAD snow! All we got were flurries.
Sorry, I don't understand your reasoning...? Colleges require SAT subject tests, so I'd do both an AP and an SAT subject test if possible - if anything, the AP test is better to skip out on (depending on where you go to school), and it's best to take the SAT subject test when the material is in recent memory. I'm with Luo on this one.
It depends on the school(s) in question, folks. Unless you bring in specific examples, then the discussion is probably based on anecdotal evidence and limited to the scope of schools to which you applied...not too useful to anyone. Guava says the schools he looked into (prematurely, though it never hurts to have an endgame in mind) require SAT IIs, so I believe that answers that.
Additionally, the focus of my response was not meant to be the "AP" part. Replace the "AP" with "Honors" or something similar, and the point is still the same.
My question has been answered. Thank you all who helped.
"I took the time to make a survival guide to time travel. It. Is. AMAZING!!! I'm gonna us that to help make my Screnzy script. I'll try to post it here, but it's not done yet. But, as a sneak preview, here are some tips:
1. Don't play around the edges of a wormhole.
2. Don't let a wormhole touch the ground for long periods of time. (I mean, YEARS.)
3. Don't have a goal when traveling to the past."
The district honor band rehearsal today was so epic! I fangirled so hard, just omg. ahhhhhhhh. brb dying. from happiness.
"Why? Some cool upcoming composer there?
Monday is Panorama of Bands! Can't wait to blow all the ickle 5th graders' minds when they hear More Cowbell. And it's supposed to be -3 that day ."
"You don't mess with Botswana!
*plays gaboronophone*

No, I did NOT come up with that."
came 1st 2nd and 1st in 3 of my events
Not really, it's just that we have some really cool music teachers. ...that sounds a bit odd. But, they're just so cool, I just can't. omggg.
I just realized that I'm never going to compete in a Science Olympiad invitational tournament again. *sobs*
I webcammed for the first time today. I had no idea that webcamming could be so much fun. I laughed my head off.
Regionals was the one that struck me the most. It was strange thinking that I had first competed there six years ago and that I had actually witnessed small changes in the campus of Penn State Wilkes Barre through my time competing there. It was so profound knowing that the next time I came would be the first time I did not compete.
I agree. Regionals was that moment, as a 2nd semester senior last year, that I realized (sadly) that I would never compete again.
I should be more Asian.
"IS IT TOMORROW YET?!?!?!
Waiting for results of play auditions is so hard."
"Well that sucks, since it can never be tomorrow, it can only be today.

Guess you'll be waiting for quite some time."
Has anyone here ever made the PGSS program? If so, could you give me any tips on completing the essays/resume.
Stupid paradoxes.
Dox is certainly not stupid.
I didn't say stupid paradox21, did I?
"all these finals

that I can study for tomorrow."
Oz the Great and Powerful's gonna be awesome.
"Movies coming out in May:
- Iron Man 3
- The Great Gatsby
- Star Trek 2

May is going to be AWESOME."
*spasm from overwhelming giddiness*
Fix'd
I got Opera but it's a bit awkward compared to Google Chrome. I like it 4% more than GC and 85% more than Internet Explorer.
Oooh, you're right. May WILL be awesome.
I can't wait for May! Oh. Wait. AP Tests. AAAAAAHHHHHHH!!!!!
Oh, gosh. What are AP tests like? I've heard they're stressful. I'm gonna take AP classes when I get the opportunity, so I just wanna know.
4 or so hours of one of the most painful tests you've ever experienced. I quite literally walked away from the WHAP exam physically tired and I couldn't think for the rest of the day. And I have 7 this year.
It's worth it, though.
"^Amen
iwonder wrote:
I quite literally walked away from the WHAP exam physically tired and I couldn't think for the rest of the day. And I have 7 this year.
I think I'm taking four (or five, if I decide to do EnviSci as well). Three (or four) are morning tests, including Calc BC...I can't think about calc at 8 AM :[

Edit: In other news, I think senioritis has hit early...hooray, no motivation to do work!"
You think that your junior year, then you get to senior year.
Heh, I think I've an especially early case of senioritis, motivation died weeks before 1st semester finals...oh, maybe it's just the sophomore slump, I suppose.
I spent 6 1/2 hours at school on Saturday to work on science fair and....it's still not done. And we set up tomorrow. I'm scared. My science teacher told me to text her the data and she would make a graph and such for it, but she is very unreliable. She doesn't even save numbers as contacts in her iPhone.
I never really stressed about AP tests, in fact I never really stress about anything. AP tests are only stressful if you make them stressful. However, you can't escape the fact that they are long, and being trapped in a quiet room also tend to make them tiring.
"I'm with Luo and Koko, no doubt.

Take Math II for sure. And a science. The non-science is optional but preferred, assuming you're going somewhere science-y seeing as this is a SciOly forum.

In fact, it's best to take Subjects in May, if you ask me. For instance, when I took Chem and USH, I took AP Chem Monday, APUSH Friday, and then the Chem and USH Subjects that Saturday. Saved me from having to study twice. Also, when you get the subject, you'll literally open it up and go ""Did I open up an AP test?""

And to the comment that said ""Your comments are only to the schools you applied;"" well... between Luo, Koko, myself... if that's the case then I think our advice will at least meet the school of your choice, whatever that may be."
"Gahhh... AP tests. Just started going over DBQs for WHAP. Everyone in the class who has not taken any AP before is freaking out and those of us who were in APUSH are celebrating because no outside information is required.

And there went my attempt at having any idea of what the AP Bio test will be like in taking it last year; they've apparently completely refocused it. Joy."
"so....some kids from my school ""ran away""* and now the whole school is on FB going ""blah blah person, come back! we miss you!"". I find it funny how that person wasn't even friends with said person. They ran away because they were ""in looove"".

* = they didn't answer their phone after school. I was staying after school to work on science fair and the cops showed up and all that jazz.

(on a side note, got my science fair project done! Tomorrow we are getting judged.)"
"Hahaha, there was a news article few months ago of some girl 'in love' who drove across the country to see her 'love' in real life and got picked up by state troopers before reaching her destination. It's a little more extreme than your case, but...
EDIT: and gl!"
"the girl used to live in Mississippi and her pa lives there so they might go there, but I doubt it. And thanks. I will probably be on here for most of time because on our SF info sheet it tells us to bring something to do or extreme boredom will set in! That happened to me last year. I was sitting there for 3 hours without anything to do except to read a Lemony Snickett book. I wished my friends weren't in Behavioral Sci. They are all the way across the Civic Center. #firstworldproblems.

(just so you know, that was my first time using an octothorpe outside of Twitter. I'm never doing it again.)"
"Because there's sooooooo much to do on here

...by the way, does anyone want to start a new avatar theme with me? I need an excuse to get an avatar."
sure.
"#hashtagsarecool #yeah #swag #ishouldstop #kthxbai
Skink wrote:
...by the way, does anyone want to start a new avatar theme with me? I need an excuse to get an avatar.
Sure. #canithavehashtagsinit"
Fix'd
#hashtagsarestupid
"#lol #sotrue
#WHATISMYLIFE (CLICK TO SHOW HIDDEN TEXT)
#Dangif"
"#ftw



PrudentGuava also approves"
"my favorite 3 hashtags

#yolo
#swag
#yolo swag





#legit beyond reason"
"TIL

smosh gifs take over YDRC."
well technically the first was danisnotonfire, but hey... what do I know
"#hashtagsdonthavespaces
mnstrviola wrote:
EASTstroudsburg13 wrote:
TIL

smosh gifs take over YDRC.
well technically the first was danisnotonfire, but hey... what do I know
#lolwinkfacesarecreepy

Edit -
@ThePrudentGuava: +1"
#they can if they want to
#meh
Dan and Anthony do look alike....
Apparently someone brought a bag of Ramen Noodles to Scioly practice today, so then there was some Ramen Noodle eating party thing.
Woah, imagine my surprise logging in and finding out that I'm an exalted member. Shocked!
Grats!
"Player 1: How can you call yourself a white christian?
Player 2: I'm Jewish

How many of you know where this is from? ( please don't be offended)"
Googles stock went up about 40 dollars today
Thanks! I think it's because I added a few things to the Dynamic Planet wiki.
Two of my three partners are sick, and they're supposed to be leaving with us on Saturday to compete at Rustin on Sunday... I hope they'll be okay
i like chocolate. >w<
Welcome to Scioly!
"Honor band today was good/bad at the same time. I don't really like our conductor though. >_>

He has such a huge ego, omg. But he's a pretty good teacher/conductor. It's just. ugh."
"Today in French class, we were learning how to say stuff about sports including cycling. Here's what happened.
My friend: How do you say ""to dope?""
Teacher: What is wrong with you? You always want to know the dirty stuff."
One of the houses in our school was blasting Call Me Maybe and Gangam Style. Blue house blue house blue house.... You crazy ducks....
YES I AM OFFICALLY A SCHOOL THESPIAN!!! *Goes back into hiding*
In our defense, those were people from Student Council advertising for Recycled Formal. It annoyed me more than anything because I was trying to finish my annotations in Ishmael.
Oh why thank you! That's a nice thing to say.
I want Mabel's sweaters from Gravity Falls.
"I got a 97% on my physics final.
I am actually, in a weird way, disappointed in that."
What level/track?
for physics? Honors. My school doesn't offfer anything higher.
You guys and your crazy house. You should learn to be refined like the rest of us. lol
"...wat.

I found out that my music teacher has the same birthday as me. o_O

awks."
Why do I never see spambots post on here?
"Spambots ALWAYS post here.
Cedavis6 NEVER sees spambots post here.

Therefore, Cedavis6 is NEVER here."
"As in YDRC, not Scioly. I just reported a spambot today.

And, to mnstr:
He was talking about communism, ballet, hypnosis AND bullemia, too."
...oh .
"Sixth at Eastside Invitational. First invitational trophy in recent memory, meaning at least 5 years, probably more.

Also, 7 medals.

That concludes what is probably my only SciO related post for the month."
I took a screen shot of the spam post and uploaded it to PhotoBucket but I cant isolate the photo and it's really irking me.
Whaddya mean isolate? When you're looking at the photo, there should be off to the side someplace both a direct link or even IMG tags done for you.
got it. Thanks.
Premature use of hypnosis will. Premature use of hypnosis will WHAT?! Haha, try to read that...it's SUCH bad English!
THAT WAS THE SPAM I REPORED!!!
There was one, a few weeks ago I believe, that had terrible grammar. It was talking about how graphology was the king of all sciences. It was mostly in Lithuanian.
@Guava, you use Gmail? *highfive*
I stopped using Gmail when Google started watching people last year. It was awesome until then.
Interesting word, Cedavis6.
"yeah *Friendship Always Wins highfive*

Skink: I don't really care about Google watching me because I'm not that interesting to watch on the internet . It's mostly just FB, Twitter, Tumblr, Scioly, repeat forever."
"500 posts till 15000! And 33 pages till 1000... that'd be awesome


Oh, and took the SAT today... sigh"
You know what, at this pace, I think we'll hit hit 15,000 posts on the 1,000th page. Anyone want to bet against me on that?
sure, 100 coupon's worth.
some coupons have a value of .01 cents, so you may end up owing Z a whole penny
I want to go to the grocery store with 5000 coupons and demand they pay me for them.
TLC, Extreme couponing= my life.
my family used to coupon but then we stopped for no apparent reason.
"Ditto. Now we have to wait to Valentine's day to get scores. I have a big band clinic that day... mega sigh. There was a sixth grader there, which makes me question why I never took it in middle school. Honestly, that killed any optimism I had about my scores. Don't get me wrong, I'm still expecting high numbers, though.

BTW... Bananas."
"I'll take it a step further, and bet that the 15000th post will be the last one on the 1000th page.

But I think you already knew that."
What you didn't know is that the user to make the 15Kth post on the thousandth page is going to have a username starting with 'S' as in 'S'niper.
We should have a contest, whoever gets the 15000th post(without spaming the board for it) gets to choose what color their username shows up as
Now that you mentioned it, what did happen to User of the Month?
Cool! I'm in.
Sounds good. You can choose between your current color and other approved colors, which would be nothing.
"Ok, huge discussion with my lunch table about this: What if the Superheros did public service work?

1. SuperMan could turn a giant generator, creating huge amounts of energy. Instead he fights villains.
2. Spiderman could make structures out of silk. Silk>Steel in strength. Instead he fights criminals.
3. Iron Man, however, is the leading source of advancements in technology. In the beginning of The Avengers (I disliked the movie) he is seen developing clean energy."
"Woah,I remember seeing a comic or something exploring the idea of having Superman generate power. I'll try to find it again.

EDIT: http://www.smbc-comics.com/comics/20110713.gif"
"Nice!

EDIT: There seems to be a large amount of empty space under my posts."
"You're not stupid, so let's rule that out. There is no link at the top of the page as usual, though I can think of a few ways to get there...
1. the first post of any event discussion topic
2. admins' sigs (at a minimum)
3. Google
4. someone posted a direct like a page or two ago
I'm sure there are more. Here."
"We don't know that for sure. sciencegeek999, take this test and then post your results and we can then answer the age old question.
test- http://www.quizrocket.com/stupid-test

EDIT- after reading it over, it sounds kinda condescending, sorry about that. I was kidding,"
sorry for double posting, but Merry Christmas!
"My results were not stupid and that I failed it. I'm relieved.
Well, I got the link and sent it to myself in a pm; I'll open it from there."
I'm spending Christmas listening to Linkin Park with my friends... seems legit.
I hate this new theme...
Is there a new theme for every holiday? I want to see them pull off Martin Luther King Jr. Day or Flag Day or Victoria Day.
"Ok, huge discussion with my lunch table about this: What if the Superheros did public service work?

1. SuperMan could turn a giant generator, creating huge amounts of energy. Instead he fights villains.
2. Spiderman could make structures out of silk. Silk>Steel in strength. Instead he fights criminals.
3. Iron Man, however, is the leading source of advancements in technology. In the beginning of The Avengers (I disliked the movie) he is seen developing clean energy."
"Woah,I remember seeing a comic or something exploring the idea of having Superman generate power. I'll try to find it again.

EDIT: http://www.smbc-comics.com/comics/20110713.gif"
"Nice!

EDIT: There seems to be a large amount of empty space under my posts."
"You're not stupid, so let's rule that out. There is no link at the top of the page as usual, though I can think of a few ways to get there...
1. the first post of any event discussion topic
2. admins' sigs (at a minimum)
3. Google
4. someone posted a direct like a page or two ago
I'm sure there are more. Here."
"We don't know that for sure. sciencegeek999, take this test and then post your results and we can then answer the age old question.
test- http://www.quizrocket.com/stupid-test

EDIT- after reading it over, it sounds kinda condescending, sorry about that. I was kidding,"
sorry for double posting, but Merry Christmas!
"My results were not stupid and that I failed it. I'm relieved.
Well, I got the link and sent it to myself in a pm; I'll open it from there."
I'm spending Christmas listening to Linkin Park with my friends... seems legit.
I hate this new theme...
Is there a new theme for every holiday? I want to see them pull off Martin Luther King Jr. Day or Flag Day or Victoria Day.
"Ok, huge discussion with my lunch table about this: What if the Superheros did public service work?

1. SuperMan could turn a giant generator, creating huge amounts of energy. Instead he fights villains.
2. Spiderman could make structures out of silk. Silk>Steel in strength. Instead he fights criminals.
3. Iron Man, however, is the leading source of advancements in technology. In the beginning of The Avengers (I disliked the movie) he is seen developing clean energy."
"Woah,I remember seeing a comic or something exploring the idea of having Superman generate power. I'll try to find it again.

EDIT: http://www.smbc-comics.com/comics/20110713.gif"
"Nice!

EDIT: There seems to be a large amount of empty space under my posts."
"You're not stupid, so let's rule that out. There is no link at the top of the page as usual, though I can think of a few ways to get there...
1. the first post of any event discussion topic
2. admins' sigs (at a minimum)
3. Google
4. someone posted a direct like a page or two ago
I'm sure there are more. Here."
"We don't know that for sure. sciencegeek999, take this test and then post your results and we can then answer the age old question.
test- http://www.quizrocket.com/stupid-test

EDIT- after reading it over, it sounds kinda condescending, sorry about that. I was kidding,"
sorry for double posting, but Merry Christmas!
"My results were not stupid and that I failed it. I'm relieved.
Well, I got the link and sent it to myself in a pm; I'll open it from there."
I'm spending Christmas listening to Linkin Park with my friends... seems legit.
I hate this new theme...
Is there a new theme for every holiday? I want to see them pull off Martin Luther King Jr. Day or Flag Day or Victoria Day.
"Ok, huge discussion with my lunch table about this: What if the Superheros did public service work?

1. SuperMan could turn a giant generator, creating huge amounts of energy. Instead he fights villains.
2. Spiderman could make structures out of silk. Silk>Steel in strength. Instead he fights criminals.
3. Iron Man, however, is the leading source of advancements in technology. In the beginning of The Avengers (I disliked the movie) he is seen developing clean energy."
"Woah,I remember seeing a comic or something exploring the idea of having Superman generate power. I'll try to find it again.

EDIT: http://www.smbc-comics.com/comics/20110713.gif"
"Nice!

EDIT: There seems to be a large amount of empty space under my posts."
"You're not stupid, so let's rule that out. There is no link at the top of the page as usual, though I can think of a few ways to get there...
1. the first post of any event discussion topic
2. admins' sigs (at a minimum)
3. Google
4. someone posted a direct like a page or two ago
I'm sure there are more. Here."
"We don't know that for sure. sciencegeek999, take this test and then post your results and we can then answer the age old question.
test- http://www.quizrocket.com/stupid-test

EDIT- after reading it over, it sounds kinda condescending, sorry about that. I was kidding,"
sorry for double posting, but Merry Christmas!
"My results were not stupid and that I failed it. I'm relieved.
Well, I got the link and sent it to myself in a pm; I'll open it from there."
I'm spending Christmas listening to Linkin Park with my friends... seems legit.
I hate this new theme...
Is there a new theme for every holiday? I want to see them pull off Martin Luther King Jr. Day or Flag Day or Victoria Day.
"Ok, huge discussion with my lunch table about this: What if the Superheros did public service work?

1. SuperMan could turn a giant generator, creating huge amounts of energy. Instead he fights villains.
2. Spiderman could make structures out of silk. Silk>Steel in strength. Instead he fights criminals.
3. Iron Man, however, is the leading source of advancements in technology. In the beginning of The Avengers (I disliked the movie) he is seen developing clean energy."
"Woah,I remember seeing a comic or something exploring the idea of having Superman generate power. I'll try to find it again.

EDIT: http://www.smbc-comics.com/comics/20110713.gif"
"Nice!

EDIT: There seems to be a large amount of empty space under my posts."
"You're not stupid, so let's rule that out. There is no link at the top of the page as usual, though I can think of a few ways to get there...
1. the first post of any event discussion topic
2. admins' sigs (at a minimum)
3. Google
4. someone posted a direct like a page or two ago
I'm sure there are more. Here."
"We don't know that for sure. sciencegeek999, take this test and then post your results and we can then answer the age old question.
test- http://www.quizrocket.com/stupid-test

EDIT- after reading it over, it sounds kinda condescending, sorry about that. I was kidding,"
sorry for double posting, but Merry Christmas!
"My results were not stupid and that I failed it. I'm relieved.
Well, I got the link and sent it to myself in a pm; I'll open it from there."
I'm spending Christmas listening to Linkin Park with my friends... seems legit.
I hate this new theme...
Is there a new theme for every holiday? I want to see them pull off Martin Luther King Jr. Day or Flag Day or Victoria Day.
The reason it does not make sense is that it makes the faulty assumption that pwnage only began after I joined the site.
I don't.
If the singers sound so happy about breakups, it's probably an imaginary breakup - and imaginary boy/girlfriend.
That must mean they're imaginary singers... oh wait, sorry to point out the obvious.
BWAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA *wipes tear from eye*
Haha I get it. All that Autotune... Pretty much, scream offpitch, make it sound techno, and you're rich and famous.
today our school had a pep assembly and when our school song was played by the band, we just "no" instead of all the words in the song. I despise pep assemblies.
As someone in band: There are supposed to be words?
The cheerleaders would know them.
Hahaha ikr I hate pep assemblies too. They waste time, they're loud, they're stupid, what less could you want?!
the fourth demension is so cool
Agreed. It's especially bad when they decide to play "cool" songs, but then they end up playing One Direction, and Justin Bieber, and ugh.
What are you talking about? Those songs are rad, dudette. I'm talking like this cause it's 1996. Cowabunga!
Is that some new pop group I don't wanna know about?
"So my GPA dropped to a 3.85 this semester... hahah that 4.0 crashed really hard. Can't tell if it was senioritis, or the fact that I took AP Chem and AP Physics, or both.

Man, my parents are going to skin me alive but I've already given up."
"ohno
3.85
good heavens no
that's so bad omg
how awful
whateeeever will you do"
You took AP Chem AND AP Physics AT THE SAME TIME? At my school that's unheard of, it's simply too difficult to pull off!
I'm in ap physics, chem, and calc BC this year... It's possible... The physics c material sucks though, field by integration and my teacher isn't the best at it
What's amusing about that is you're doing more work now than you may be during a single semester in college...assuming you got an English class, some kind of social studies class, and then some...
French fries are unhealthy!
"dooooooom
Skink wrote:
What's amusing about that is you're doing more work now than you may be during a single semester in college...assuming you got an English class, some kind of social studies class, and then some...
Wait. AP Physics, Chem, and BC combined are more work during a single semester of college? Psets, work, papers, friends, extracurricular activities, and midterms/papers due/presentations every week for eight weeks straight? Not to mention that English and social studies classes can have about 150 pages of reading per week, depending on how unlucky you are.
That, my friend, is a good one.

DISCLAIMER: I really like college."
It depends on how you define 'workload', I suppose. I just figure that those three APs (plus the odds of at least one more and then some) plus two or three more classes equates to more total hours put in than you would taking those same courses in college unless you have a habit of taking many hours a semester. Besides, you spend a lot more time in class in high school than you do in college. There is far more time spent studying in the latter, so maybe they aren't so different in the end.
"Introducing Kokonilly: The only person I know of who places ""friends"" under the category ""work""...
Skink wrote:
It depends on how you define 'workload', I suppose. I just figure that those three APs (plus the odds of at least one more and then some) plus two or three more classes equates to more total hours put in than you would taking those same courses in college unless you have a habit of taking many hours a semester. Besides, you spend a lot more time in class in high school than you do in college. There is far more time spent studying in the latter, so maybe they aren't so different in the end.
Depends on the college, and schedule."
Valentine's Day is my favorite holiday
For the record, it's AP Physics, Chemistry, Calc BC, English Language, Spanish Lit, and US Histroy, band is the only non-ap... It would be a complete overload, but I honestly don't do my chem or calc homework (it's 10% of the course average, and tests are curved over 100...)
Do you plan to top it next year?
Having friends is time-consuming (but, I must point out, worth it)! I never labeled it as "work"; I just said that it's something that takes up time. Which it is. I spent my whole last weekend playing Settlers of Catan, which was fun but meant that I didn't work on my paper. Other things that take up time: Getting to/from classes, doing laundry/other housework (like cleaning your room), eating, and maintaining basic standards of hygiene.
Mind=Blown
"Really? That's what I'm doing - in addition to Calc BC, French, and English Lit. I took Calc AB and APUSH together last year, which felt more difficult than this year simply because both classes had so much homework.

I guess it just shows differences between schools. AP Chem isn't hard here, but we're on our fifth teacher in four years..."
^hm. KNow what the pass rate is? That's def more importat than how easy it is/who teaches it...
Are you talking about the AP exams? I was just talking about how hard the different classes are at different schools. Sure, most AP classes are difficult considering the material you have to cover, but if you have a teacher who deliberately makes tests and assignments easy... *shrugs*
"Does anyone know of any good poetry contests for highschoolers?
EDIT: It doesn't even have to be a contest, just somewhere I can send poetry in."
"My entire DW experience.

also, here is a gif of corn in an MRI-"
No. Never again. I think I'm going to die in early may... and if my team goes to nats(highly unlikely) :O
Well, I was just curious about the chem if you knew the pass rate, how many 3s or higher your teachers get even though they're 'new' every year. Usually, that's a better indication than saying 'Oh, it's easy.' I wasn't really asking anything important.
Yeah, for my school, it seems that kids compete to see who can squeeze the most science classes into their schedule...it tends to get annoying, as this leads to people interested in the arts taking 5 AP sciences, or similar dumb senarios, all just to show that they are better than someone else.
Ha, that's funny. But...it's pointless
There are 5 AP sciences? :O
"Offerings differ, but, at least, there are...
-Chemistry
-Physics B
-Physics C
-Biology
-Environmental Science (more politics than science but still)

Nowhere could you take all those concurrently, of course, especially considering there's no good reason to take both calc and noncalc physics at the same time."
Ahh, my school combines Physics B and C and doesn't offer environmental science... I believe physics B is mechanics, and C is electromagnetism by the way, they both use calc...
Yeah Environmental Science is kinda a waste of time IMO... I would much rather take Bio.
Don't think so. C has two separate tests, mechanics and then electricity/magnetism (one for each semester, I guess). Seems your school offers those as separate classes since they're separate tests and doesn't have B, which is baby physics (while ironically still being very challenging), no calculus.
"Not quite - I'm not 100% sure about B since this is the first year my school has had it, but it covers some quantum and other stuff without calculus. First semester of C is mechanics, second is E&M, both with calculus.
Yeah, B is basically baby physics - honestly from what I heard it doesn't really merit being AP, only honors. (APES should be the same, for that matter.)"
Huh, it looks like you're right... which is odd because my school calls it physics b/c... oh well
"Now I just dropped to a 3.8 yay senioritis.
I need to re evaluate some of my life choices but w/e.
God I'm going to get rejected from harvey mudd so hard.

APES at my school is apparently deadly difficult... about half the class drops it each semester because they don't realize how hard it is. The same happens with Chem and Bio. But not physics, apparently."
Getting rejected from schools isn't the end of the world y'know. Wherever you go, as long as you work hard, you'll learn everything you need. Only the name recognition changes.
Really Kansas? It's snowing right now. Two days ago, it was 70° F. 70° -> snow. Why?
You might consider taking the AP Environmental Science test without taking the class, if you want. I did so last year, and I think getting a 5 is very doable if you're scientifically-inclined and especially if you've done related Science Olympiad events (Dynamic Planet, Water Quality, etc.).
"WikiMod, Luo?
Congratulations!"
"Very cool. What, exactly, do Wiki Mods do? Don't say 'moderate the Wiki' .

Normally, that's a bad idea, but, in this case, you could be right. I have heard opinions that Aquifers is harder than stuff covered in AP Enviromental Science. I don't know how accurate that is, but it's definitely possible given how far those earth science events stray from the mainstream curriculum."
"Make sure velociraptors stay caged, make sure the laws of thermodynamics are being followed, that type of drudgery.
Skink wrote:
Luo wrote:
You might consider taking the AP Environmental Science test without taking the class, if you want. I did so last year, and I think getting a 5 is very doable if you're scientifically-inclined and especially if you've done related Science Olympiad events (Dynamic Planet, Water Quality, etc.).
Normally, that's a bad idea, but, in this case, you could be right. I have heard opinions that Aquifers is harder than stuff covered in AP Enviromental Science. I don't know how accurate that is, but it's definitely possible given how far those earth science events stray from the mainstream curriculum.
I disagree with your assertion that taking an AP test without the class is ""normally a bad idea."""
For the average joe, it is. For the average scioly.org user (who is likely very driven and studious with a tinge of talent thrown in there), it probably isn't, no.
I already took the class and the test, but I totally agree with the fact that you could pass that test without taking the class. The environmental events plus some self studying with a textbook could easily get you a 4.
Self-studying depends a lot on the test too. Human Geography, for example, is one of the easiest tests to self-study for if you have a geographic mind, but even the best scientific minds might find it hard to self-study for, say, AP Chem.
"It is Luo's job to prevent this:

What you can learn from this: 1. Selling tickets is boring, and 2. I am extremely bad at drawing things."
Hey now, you only have to deal with the wiki-raptors...they're a bit tamer than the others. Oh, and if the fences are ever down, be warned that the raptors have learned to open doors - your best chance is to either a) throw yourself in the lake (they can't swim too well), or most likely, if the lake is too far for you to outrun the raptors, then b) barricade yourself in an upper floor room with a window as an emergency escape route. :P
That drawing is genius. You are a perfect, perfect human being
"If one were scientifically inclined, I don't see APES being difficult at all to selfstudy, especially if one has an AP Bio background.
EASTstroudsburg13 wrote:
even the best scientific minds might find it hard to self-study for, say, AP Chem.
Koko did it"
"The counselor at my school recommends that everyone takes APES... of course, I go to an environmental school so they basically teach us everything over two years.

Urgh. Tests are $57 this year. (In MN at least)"
It's such a shame velociraptors got killed off before their time (theoretically). I have no doubt that had they been allowed to evolve to present day, they would be as smart as humans, but on top of that, they have awesome physical abilities, like being beautiful killing machines; they would have the peak of evolution, in my opinion.
ONE OF MY MY FAVORITES... (CLICK TO SHOW HIDDEN TEXT)
We're very proud of our velociraptors. We've been asked to loan them out for Jurassic Park 4, actually. (We told them to stick with the animatronics, it's less dangerous). Luo, you're going to have to be careful around them. They don't take kindly to newcomers. Just being on staff doesn't mean they'll respect you- you have to earn that respect. You're lucky you've been warned- EAST and I came on right after robot and pug took the reins and they conveniently forgot to warn us.
I heard that it's a good idea to take the SAT Bio test after freshman Bio because the actual AP Bio goes into extraneous detail.
Yupp, what I'm planning to do
"This was the opposite of my experience--the SAT Bio test was so detailed, and the AP Bio wasn't as much. Perhaps I was traumatized by the latter?
Studying kind of last minute for forestry right now. Thank you quizlet."
Teal are you going to a competition this weekend?
Going to Aviation this weekend, and probably will perform poorly. I quit WIDI this year, but we did so badly at Camas that I'm writing again. :/
Soo much spam...
It's unsettling.
Well at least you get to do another event! Ill be doing experimental design so maybe I'll see you!
"For some strange reason, working on the wikis makes me feel so relaxed... Maybe its just listening to the Jazz Band at South at the same time.
Anatomy and Physiology class is amazing!"
so, I won 2nd at the city science fair and now I'm going to regionals. Yay! I also got a book on Anthropology from our school library that hasn't been checked out since 1974 and still has the Soviet Union and East/West Germany. Our librarian didn't even know it was still there.
That's pretty cool. I would love to see a book like that. I recently got a copy of all of Josephus's works, and it is very interesting.
I haven't heard of Josephus but now, after a Wikipedia search, I want to read his works. This book is by Zdenek Salzmann.
The North American Computational Linguistics Olympiad test was so awesome! I don't even care if I don't advance, it was so much fun just taking the test
"Why thank you. I do try.
winneratlife wrote:
EASTstroudsburg13 wrote:
even the best scientific minds might find it hard to self-study for, say, AP Chem.
Koko did it
I'm not sure whether I should feel flattered or insulted. Either I'm a great scientific mind (ha), or ""well, it can't be THAT hard, because Koko did it"".

P.S. I am not enjoying chemistry at the moment."
"I had a weird dream about Jason (the guy with the chainsaw and the hockey mask) last night...
*shudders*"
I had a weird dream last night too, that I was the ambassador to Egypt and there was a riot and they forced to climb the Pyramids barefoot in the summer.
Hahaha, that's great! Especially after what you were talking about with your math teacher...
I also had a dream where my friends were wormhole hunting. I am so gonna use that in my Screnzy script.
"I think my school is demented, for we have this thing called Hey Day, and it is a nightmare. It is literally a day where everyone walks around saying hey to everyone else.

The only thing that makes it bearable?
No one says ""hey"" to me."
I am so sick. I shouldn't have come to school today...
Thats sounds absolutely horrid. Note- not sarcasm
Hey forever. Can I have your autograph?
Regionals is tomorrow!!! So unprepared...
You never enjoyed chemistry.
hah, that sounds like one of the stupid things that my school would do.
Meh, our school has a Wild West turnabout theme...lol. Spirit week involves Preppy Day....lol
What the? A day devoted to a greeting?
Tomorrow's regionals for me. yaay
"Haven't even had Invitationals yet...

Crap, I need to make my sheets..."
"My friend got me a Danisnotonfire llama hat111!!11

//fangirling"
My birthday is coming up so.........give me your hat. or get me a Totoro. Thanks.
Does anyone else believe that there are almost 1000 pages on this thread?
Touché.
"Screnzy has been discontinued???

NO!!!!!!!!

Actually, this COULD be a good thing... I can write my script now..."
"so, my Dynamic Planet Cheat Sheet has a whole extra page left.

Any ideas on relevant / funny XKCD comics I can put?

EDIT: as of right now I have this neat paragraph"
They probably came on here and saw that you liked Screnzy and where all "Let's cancel it and watch Cedavis6's response. I hope she will cry in despair and drown in sorrow! This shall be great fun! *insert maniacal laugh here*"
Maybe this?
"Here's what should be my only sports-related post on YDRC:

Go Ravens.

(Don't shun me, 49ers.)

SUPERBOWL COMMERCIAL PARTY!!!"
until this post, I had forgotten the Super Bowl was today. Time to break out the bean dip and watch Doctor Who.
I'm probably not going to watch the game, but go niners! xD
"@East ooh, good one! I'll probably use it

Go 49ers!"
says the majority of the SciOly population, according to the poll by Z.
I don't care about the superbowl itself. I only like the commercials.
The commercials are always nice. Too bad we don't get the channel that its on this year.
Agreed.
"Come on, you guys are fitting the Science Olympiad stereotype so perfectly right now. An observer will look at us and be like, ""yeah, stereotypical science nerds right there.""

On that note, I'm rooting for the 49ers because Joe Flacco went to Delaware (sucks), who happens to be Drexel's biggest rival."
"Hoping that San Fran wins in a blowout

1) Hate Baltimore Ravens fans on the internet
2) If Atlanta loses, I want it to be to the best
3) Ray Lewis= Murderer

---------
The only good thing about Baltimore winning is that Michael Oher (the guy that The Blind Side is based off of) would get a ring."
"Is that a bad thing? I like to be called a nerd because it means others are threatened by my intelligence, which boosts my self-esteem.

also,"
Preach it!
I'm going to cheer for the Ravens because some guy in my math class bet $600 on them.
I can't believe I have school tomorrow. :'(
Psssht. You don't know how to enjoy the game. In my opinion, passing is soooooooo lame. (Unless the receiver get trucked at the end) Jeez, what's with this thing about being obsessed on how well a person can throw and catch a ball? More entertaining watching the linemen colliding each other, runningback getting tackled.
"The BBC feed (here) is WAY more entertaining than the game itself.

Edit: Particularly loving the little icon they put up every time there's a fight...I can't help but imagine little old ladies beating the players with their handbags XD"
Well, that guy is very likely to get $600. What I would do with $600 dollars...
I have a long history of losing Super Bowl bets, so I refused all bets this year. And...I would've won this time, looks like, too.

I lost The Game.
everyone does.
And...the Ravens have won it!
"Tightly covered passes (like the ones Kaepernick is GREAT at, mind you) are phenomenal.

Also I'm very upset. On the 4th and goal play, that is Not because of the ""missed call,"" the pass was overthrown and without the shirt pulling there still wouldn't have been a touchdown, and the call was debatable anyways, but because that play was the SECOND time the 49ers left the outside defensive linesman unblocked and let him in for an easy blitz (the first time was the 2 point conversion attempt) and that really shouldn't be a mistake you're making for a second time on the game defining play.

Also, Alpha, I love the large number of soccer analogies on this BBC feed."
I don't know, I think watching a good quarterback picking apart a defense with his arm is lots of fun to watch. And passing plays are much more likely to be exciting, while several running plays just end up with running backs running into opposing tacklers for little gain. And throwing a football well and accurately while being able to remember your receiver's routes and reading the defense is HARD.
"@winner - Yeah, tightly covered passes aren't bad. Tight ends ftw.
@East - I feel the the defense gets too much hate and not appreciated enough. I don't know, I really enjoy good defenses foiling plans and busting up plays. Good defense is actually really fun to watch, especially hard hits. I just like plays with aggression. I don't think that the ""exciting"" part of football isn't really about plays working and lots of points being scored. It's the just the struggle and aggression, I guess. Good runningbacks are really fun to watch. Sure, they get stuffed once in a while (kudos to the defense), but that takes a lot more athleticism than just throwing a ball. Good runningbacks need a stellar O-line, and arguably the most important unappreciated people on the team. Watching them block is entertaining too, so if you haven't, try watching the defense or the O-line instead of just following the ball. Speaking of which, defensive tackles are my favorite people in the game. The biggest, toughest bruisers around. Sometimes, it's just like the offense has it too easy, and the teams go marching up and down the field. How lame, the QB just sitting back, and throwing it when the receiver gets open. And incomplete passes, especially just throwing it away, is like the lamest thing ever. Point is, there's more to appreciate in football than just the QB (I know where you come from, I used to be that way)"
"Of course there is more than just the QB, I'm not sure why you're characterizing me that way. Personally, my favorite part is the way the coaches and players try to continually out-think the opponents and try to use their strengths to exploit their opponents' weaknesses. To me, that's more fun to watch than just the pure athleticism and hard-hitting plays. If it was all about that football would be very boring to watch. And yes, I do watch everything, I'm not just like ""look at him throw the ball isn't that wonderful"". I can tell you from personal experience I have yelled at King Dunlap and Demetress Bell repeatedly for being boneheaded offensive linemen. Plus, ""The QB just sitting back and throwing it when the receiver gets open"" is really oversimplifying things. Only the all-time greats have the ability to do that, and watching an all-time great playing is probably one of the best fan experiences, regardless of position. Finally, how do you praise defenses and then call incomplete passes lame?

In the end, it's a matter of preference. Some prefer hard hits and the aggression of people running into each other constantly, and others prefer watching the tactical side and the ways the faster players are used. And then there are those who just like seeing scoring a lot. But you can't assume that someone just likes watching QB's from them saying they find passing plays exciting."
"No love for the kickers?

My favorite part of football is when coaches go deep into their playbook and rulebook- had the game ended on an intentional safety, and then a fair catch free kick (as was suggested by Jim Nantz), my life would have been complete."
"Remind me again...
What's the Super Bowl and why is everyone obsessing over it?"
"I'd disagree that there are THAT much stragtegy in football. ""Hey, that play worked, now let's run the same play except to the other side!"" Maybe it's just what lower leagues do, but yeah. From what I've seen it's mostly about trying plays and see it works. I'm just saying throwing it away is pretty moodkill.

Kicking...I don't know, games being decided by a field goal just feel ehhh. This could be a bad idea, but for now I think the points given to a field goal be reduced to 2 points or even 1."
"I despise football talk. I get it enough in the fall because my brother is on the football team and every weekend I'm forced to go to his stupid games. It irks me to no end.

Also, it's raining in OK. Woo!"
"I'm in marching band and therefore am forced to attend every single high school football game. Also, I live in Auburn, that little town of football-obsession. (God, the city on fall Saturdays...I don't even...)
I still don't know football."
"That's what lower leagues do. Sure, they do try out different plays, but most of those plays are part of a gameplan that the coaches have concocted days beforehand. Coaches and coordinators really have to strategize to come up with a winning gameplan. Also, time management, going for 2, onsides, using different formations and blitzes: coaches have to go through all of this. Throwing it away is a lot less moodkill than getting sacked.

Don't reduce field goal points. Nobody would ever go for a field goal. Special teams is an important part of football, and decreasing points for field goals would make it partially obsolete.

My personal favorite position is the long snapper.

Football talk ftw!"
That may be because that isn't 'real' football. Who wants to watch an offensive game? The bottom line is the defense guys aren't big enough yet to have defensive games.
The real question is, is it just General Chemistry, or is it Organic Chemistry?
I like how the IP address that my phone decided to use is banned from scioly, so I have to use wifi to get on...
"General, hence why I said ""at the moment"". I've been told by many that it will get better and that organic is better.
iwonder wrote:
I like how the IP address that my phone decided to use is banned from scioly, so I have to use wifi to get on...
PM a mod and they should be able to help you."
first post!
"Hahaha...depends on what you like (and what you dislike about gen chem). Organic is the bane of any quantitative scientist's existence (as well as many physicians), but plenty of folks out there love it. Of course, there are four branches of chemistry...and then every other discipline in science seeing as how it's the central science So there's a lot more out there than what you've been exposed to.
Mlane wrote:
first post!
Welcome to the forums!"
Does anyone know when they will be announcing trial events at nationals?
"Today a classmate of mine proposed, as a fairly viable solution to poverty in the US, that the 47% shouldn't be allowed to reproduce, thereby ending the cycle.
People clapped."
Eugenics will work great, there are a lot of positive examples. I mean look at 1930's Germany, that was the tops. And the guy who implemented it was so good to everyone.
Oh, definitely, I know. It just sort of sucks right now.
The one thing that I dislike about being a library aid isn't the having to put up books or the constant dryness in the library that makes my skin clammy, it's the having to deal with kids that make me want to push them into a pit full of fire and imbed Legos in their feet.
Just finished reading Ishmael for class. During a discussion about two thirds of the way through the book, someone basically announced they would rather be a Leaver even though our medical technology and knowledge wouldn't exist, and to let babies fend for themselves as a means of population control. Someone today even said they thought Ishmael's solution was to decrease the population.
Why are we discussing human population control with survival as a means to reduce population? I do believe that it will be interesting, but lets all just stop.
The superbowl is a ton of awesome commercials. (There's some football mixed into it, but who cares. )
"It was more of a comment to what someone said a few posts above, and I don't agree with those people in my class anyways.

Moving on though, I slipped on snow today. Nowhere near the ice patches."
"132 AMC12. I'll call that solid.

Anyone else take it? (we used to have a topic for it but... cba to dig it up)"
I took the AMC 12... how do you know your score already? and I didn't even answer enough questions to score that high
"Same here, iwonder. I might still be able to make AIME if the answers I did put down are all correct and, more crucially, if the cutoff is low this year. I can get the answer key tomorrow from the math dept head if I want it...but I think I'd rather not know my score...

And funny thing - we ran out of 10s about halfway through distributing tests (I guess more people showed up than they anticipated?), so the last two rows of sophs/frosh had to take the 12 instead. Sucks for them XD"
Ouch... definitely sucks for them... the 10 looked soo much easier than the 12 this year(this is my first time taking the 12)
Interesting - our teachers told us that there's a new policy this year wherein MAA doesn't provide the answer keys until scores are mailed back to the schools. Is this actually not the case?
"So, a few days ago in English we did this thing where we write our name on a paper, pass it around, and everyone writes a compliment on it. It really changed my perspective on the people in my class. I didn't know that they were capable of being that nice/that they thought that stuff about me. It was really cool. xD

Also, we read ""The Tell-Tale Heart"" in the dark as a class, using only flashlights for light. It was interesting, but somewhat creepy. xD"
"Blah AMC 10 >.<

Edit: How do you know your scores already?"
"I...don't know. I was told that we could get answers tomorrow if we wanted them, although perhaps my teachers were wrong?
tuftedtitmouse12 wrote:
Blah AMC 10 >.<

Edit: How do you know your scores already?
lololol, you think the 10's hard, wait til you get to the 12 >.>

It's easy to calculate max score based on what you answered/didn't answer - for example, I answered 12 and omitted 13, so my max score is 12*6 + 13*1.5 = 91.5 - but yeah, you don't know your actual score for sure until you can get a key (I like to take the last minute of the test and circle all the answers that I put down, so I can easily check them against the key later) or MAA sends scores back."
Assistinator
"a) I reworked most of the problems (I was completely sure about 19 of them, and the other 2 I bruteforced with a calculator (one I ran a program for) and more time after the contest)

b) I was talking to another Stanford admit who took it and goes to school with the kid who won IMO last year, and he got all the right answers from his classmates (if Sugarland says it's right, it's right) and I sent him my answers and he confirmed for me."
Do you think you're going to make USAMO?
"winneratlife wrote:
132 AMC12. I'll call that solid.
winneratlife wrote:
I'll call that solid.
winneratlife wrote:
solid"
^ lol'd.
Duuuuuuuude, that's exactly what I did...except to the AMC 10...and I can't solve probablity worth of crap.
"I, like two other kids in my school, are taking both the AMC 10 and AMC 12. I am going to try not to fail.
Then again, I can't do probability to save my life (or any other kind of math, really)."
My physics class goes so insanely slow... We've spent 30 minutes trying to explain electric potential using a topo map...
How is it that you're doing both? For kids in our school, you have to choose one. I took the 12...didn't do too well; I'm far to reliant upon my calculator for math.
I think, since there is an A and B section, some schools might offer both for people like forever who want to try taking both of them. It's also possible that she's going somewhere else to take the second test.
One is given at our school, the other at the university. I took the AMC 10A at my school, and I'll take the AMC12B at the university in a few weeks.
"I am doing a project on liquid indexes of refraction. None of you would happen to know a liquid with an index of refraction below 1.3 would you?
This would help me so much!"
"I don't know; it depends on how consistent I'm feeling when AIME day comes around. Then again, I'm not particularly worried about it; I made it last year, when it mattered, and now that I'm a senior it would only be for personal pride.
foreverphysics wrote:
One is given at our school, the other at the university. I took the AMC 10A at my school, and I'll take the AMC12B at the university in a few weeks.
I've never taken an AMC B test; it's something I regretted a couple times when I barely missed the JMO cutoffs."
"We used to do that in elementary school. We made wordle's out of them
Someone wrote ""short"" on mine..."
we have this thing called PLC on Wednesdays and the teachers meet together to discuss the curriculum while we are stuck with a "fun" activity. The 8th grade girls were stuck with our counselor and they had to do that between themselves and all the others. They did that as well as talk about sexting and STDs. I am dreading going there in the next few weeks. We are currently stuck with the police talking about K2 with a man uses WAY too many quotation marks. I swear that he used 6 in 2 sentences about the formation of K2.
Multiple accounts are getting out of hand...at least, I assume that one's someone's alternate account. I'd be surprised if it wasn't and someone was just stalking the Assassinator games.
Really? Everyone that I had talked to told me that I was going to hate Organic Chemistry. Honestly the only part about organic that I hate would have to be the labs. The lecture part is actually pretty interesting.
"I have the 11th highest GPA out of all the freshmen!
EDIT: In my school."
good job!
Lol, even though I only got 1 B my school's pretty competitive + doesn't weigh so I'm probably in the 20's or 30's. I mean, we have like 15ish Valedictorians each year
"Ours is pretty competitive I guess. I'm 12/385. With a 96.5 (UW Cummulative)

Continuing on....

a lil more than a week till regionals (hoping for a gold!)"
375 degrees hurts.
Doing what? Cracking your back?
lol
Oh, oven temperature xD
are those bell peppers?
No, I think shredded cheese...

"INSPIRATIONAL POSTER!
DANG, THIS IS EXACTLY ME... (CLICK TO SHOW HIDDEN TEXT)
If you'd prefer, girls, substitute the Magikarp for a Feebas an the Gyarados for a Milotic."
"So, I had this idea. You know those events where you're only allowed 1 cheat sheet? What if you split each face of the page laterally, and so during the test you can tear down the line so that way both partners can use their notes? Would this be against the rules or no? Or is this just a dumb idea haha

EDIT: and yeah, no official clarifications. just curious on your guys' thoughts."
"Guava-I dunno, it's not MY pizza...looks like cheese. Look at how it's patterned with the other cheese. And that'd be a ton of peppers.

mnstr-violates General Rule #1.
1.Teams may not interpret the rules so that they have an unfair advantage over the rules or another team."
I don't think mnstr's idea violates General Rule #1. The team wouldn't be including any extra information or using any more space than any other team. The rules don't stipulate what you can or can't do with the sheet once the event has begun, so I think that tearing the sheet in half would be perfectly reasonable.
"I have the same partner for three events I love him though (we've been friends for a very long time) so it doesn't really matter. We're co-captains of our Regional team, too. I feel so glad that neither of us like to argue, so we don't fight at all.

While there are five events listed in my signature, I only compete three at each competiton. For Invitationals, I had Sounds of Music, Forestry, and Boomilever. For Regionals, I'm in Forestry, Triple E, and Disease Detectives. I'm not competing Varsity at Regionals (even though I did at Invites), so if I make it back onto the states team, I'll probably do some combination of those five."
"I know, but he wanted to hear opinions. The rules tend to alow 8.5x11s. If you tear it, it's no longer that anymore, now, is it? So, the General Rules aside, he'd be violating the individual event rules because what he brought it no longer constitutes a single 8.5x11 sheet of paper. It's not a huge deal, no, but the intent behind this kind of interpretation is to 'cheat' the single or however many page limit by dividing it in half, regardless if it adds up to a single sheet of paper. That's how it violates General Rule 1. It's unconventional.

And I have related precedence, too. I've seen firsthandedly a single Post-It note counted as a page of notes. That's stupid, right? Many Post-Its together sum up to a single page of notes. Nonetheless, they're separate entities. That's how I've seen others rule and how I would rule. You could probably get away with it at the invitational level, but I would not try it at State tournaments."
"Ok cool. I'd probably go on the safe side and ask before doing anything, but it'd be a really big advantage if it's allowed.
EDIT: and @ Skink, the difference though is the note sheet /starts/ as 1 page: there are no restrictions on what you can do with it /during/ the event. In the case of the Sticky Notes, you'd bring them in as separate entities. But I get what you're saying.

By the way, it could be onion."
I don't intend for this to turn into an argument or anything but my interpretation was based on the word "bring" in the rules, which suggests that an 8.5x11" sheet may be brought, but not necessarily that it must stay that way throughout the event. This would be consistent with the post-it ruling because the notes were brought to the event in the form of a post-it.
"Arguments are pointless. I'd consider it discussion. Those points are fair.

Tearing up your cheat sheet or the pizza I posted? Those aren't onions, if so...and onions don't belong anywhere, IMO."
The pizza. and I concur, french onion soup would be much better without the onions...
It's an interesting thought, certainly. Would be nice for an event where you split a test or tend to work seperately
Would french onion soup without the onions just be french soup? And if tomato soup is made out of tomatoes, what's french soup made of? :O
The Allium genus could do without the onion
"muahaha

COUGH erm, what I meant was, a french onion soup without the onions, so just a tasty broth with some vegetables. and no human flesh.
...yeah.

and @ Guava, LOL xD"
wtf, onions are amazing...
"Agreed.

Sigh. That stupid storm is probably going to take away my internet for a week... again."
"My friends are teaching me how to be agressive. I have to be agressive in the school play, and I wasn't doing a very good job at it. LOL, now it's an inside joke for me to pull a finger gun and try to keep a straight face on my friends.

Also, some of my other friends have dared me to be almost silent and talk only when necessary... Oh gosh, this'll be hard."
I also agree. Onions are great in a ton of things, including pizza.
"School Computers,

You let me get on Twitter but not Tumblr? Tumblr isn't ""social networking"" in my opinion. And you've blocked every proxy that ever was and ever will be.

With so much hatred,

ThePrudentGuava"
scioly is social networking. The school doesn't block that, do they?
no, they aren't aware of how awesome it is so they can't block it.
"scioly.org is too small for it to be in most filters. I assume they add site MANUALLY to these things (either the companies that make them or the school network administrators).

EDIT: If it was blocked, it could be easily argued as educational."
Snow day. Bleh.
aren't we lucky?
There was the talent show today and I was supposed to help with sound... now it's rescheduled.
They cancelled our Formal, and moved it to March 8.
DivB'rs get winter formals, and I'm sitting over here wishing I had one...
I was so excited about it, and then it got moved. Most of my friends can't go now
"LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOL
I won The Other Game."
We have a frosh formal... I have friends who are going to play laser tag instead. It seems mildly interesting, though.
"That's what I did for homecoming, after a... bit of fiasco involving a girl who was going to be my date.

------------------

Also, I find it a new low in my life that I'm looking at jewelry right now."
My school's dance is tomorrow, but a group of my friends aren't even going. They are having an Afterparty without the "After". Much more fun and flexibility.
I've never gone to a school that had a winter formal. I don't really mind I guess... it doesn't feel like I missed anything important and it probably would have added unnecessary stress anyway.
"The Misadventures of Skink: Day 1

The Misadventures of Skink: Day 2
Car wouldn't start this morning ..."
I have an audition early tomorrow morning to get into a performing arts magnet. Hopefully everything works out okay!
Good luck at the audition. It must be a good magnet school if it requires auditions to get in.
Being at the enviro school we have a recycled formal. Too bad I'll be spending my day at a community college for high school art day and then a NAHS lock in.
I feel like this whenever my friends in Algebra talk about math
Made it to states
Awesome Congrats!
congrats!
"Thanks! And yeah, a lot of people audition for it.
mnstrviola wrote:
Made it to states
Congrats!!!!

Tell everyone from Tracy High hi when you do go. xD"
"I had a dream that EFO made and posted an insulting pie chart on here intended for me. Then her got arrested for cyber-bullying or something.

EDIT- he"
O_o What the I don't even...
Happy Chinese New Year everyone!
asdfghjkl; what is with scioly and all the dreams about people they've never met... *cough*Ced*cough*
Less than 24 hours now. Is anyone else unreasonably excited for the launch of the LDCM? Also, Landsat 5 set a record for "Longest Operating Earth Observation Satellite".
Me- but you knew that already. <3 LDCM
Is this...big news or something? In the aerospace community, anyways...
For everybody doing Remote Sensing, which includes me.
Or Remote grads, which includes me.
Indeed. And we need more Landsats. Landsat 5 is being decommissioned because of a gyroscope failure, and Landsat 7 loses about 22% of its data due to an equipment failure.
WHATEVER YOU DO DON'T CLICK THIS! (CLICK TO SHOW HIDDEN TEXT)
When I first saw the documentary, It was very weird and creepy.
"Me whenever I see a Trix commercial:

JUST LET THE RABBIT HAVE THE CEREAL/ YOGURT AND HE'LL STOP ASKING!!!"
Yes, I'm just thinking to myself "Stop bullying that poor lil rabbit.
IKR, such a bad example for children.
I finally cleaned my room.....and now I'm sure someone will come over and ruin it, as is the custom.
"O.o people come over to your house?
Wow, I have even less of a social life than I thought..."
"no, but my brother and his ""cool cat"" friends like to rummage through my closet when I'm not home.

The fact that I used the term ""cool cat"" should signify what an intense social life I have."
"The only good thing about having ANOTHER snow day:
I can dream (I don't mean sleep, I mean dream) longer."
Ugh, being sick sucks so much.
Fix'd! Being sick is awesome! You get to miss school!
"You kidding? School is awesome!

(Look, I'm the oldest of four.)"
Meh. When my best friend is gone it really isn't worth going.
I have never missed a day of school. Ever.
Perfect attendance awards?
Nerd!
Yet you're saying this on a Science Olympiad forum...
There's a range of 'nerd's here. Some of us just barely qualify while some of the other peeps here get excited about things like satellites and leaves
Let's never forget that I hold the title of "BIggest Nerd" according to Scioly Superlatives 2012...

It's sad how much laughter I got out of this.
"Not to mention music nerds, eh?

Yeah, that is a pretty bad one..."
"Well, someone has to be excited...
You forgot to put ""inert lumps of earth and rock"" on there. Not me, I just want to make fun of the Rocks people."
I am obviously on a computer. The most random thing I can think of at the moment.
Welcome to YDRC!
I posted a few minutes ago
were did the picture go?
To the moon.

Forgot to post earlier...I can now join the group of 'that guy's that had scioly.org dreams because I had one last night .
Haven't you heard? We're all nerds here.
"Nerd pride!

Oh, look up Just Hold It by Chipsandip on Youtube. It's one of the most hilarious things I've ever seen.
EDIT: I may have spelled the username wrong."
You went on... YouTube?
"I know, I meant it sarcastically.

Have an irony mark-"
Me loves the interrobang...
More like my friend showed me, but yeah!
Lol, Youtube. Youtube is like my second home. Besides tumblr and a few other webpages.
"MathCounts was today!
We made States as the 3rd place team, but no one's going. It's on the same day as SciOly Regionals XD"
"My head: Come in, Monsieur, sit yourself down, and meet the best innkeeper in town...MASTER OF THE HOUSE
Me: Bad brain. Go. Another song.
My head: At the end of the day you're another day older! And that's all you can say for the life of the poor!
Me: No.
My head: Llama llama llama llaaaammaaaaaaaa
Me: Shut up.
My head: One day more...another day, another destiny...
Me: Whyyyyy
My head: There is a castle on a cloud...I like to go there in my sleep...
Me: Not that one. No. Don't do this to me!
My head: DO YOU HEAR THE PEOPLE SING
Me: Oh GOD no. Not this again.
My head: *starts playing Haydn's Symphony No. 94*
Me: Ahhh...good...nice music.
My head: *hits loud part*
Me: AHHHHH

...as you can see, Les Mis is not having a good effect on me. Also, apparently my brain can play full symphonies at me.
I swear I don't hear voices. I swear. I don't have schizo! Stop questioning me! I just have a high functioning brain!"
"I live in the library now, guys. In case anyone was curious.

...midterm season..."
I suggested to the Sounds people that they play "Never gonna give you up." It would make the judges hit their heads on the table, lose consciousness, and ask what the music was like. Then the team says, "It was beautiful. Definitely worth a perfect."
"Girl scout cookie season!
Savvanah Smiles are my favorite flavor.

Also, concert today."
"Mathcounts >>>>> Scioly in my (not-so-humble) opinion
Kokonilly wrote:
I live in the library now, guys. In case anyone was curious.

...midterm season...
I'm getting worried."
Caramel Delights here!
"o.O What on earth is a Savannah Smile?
winneratlife wrote:
in my (not-so-humble) opinion
Emphasis on ""not-so-humble"".
winneratlife wrote:
Kokonilly wrote:
I live in the library now, guys. In case anyone was curious.

...midterm season...
I'm getting worried.
Weeks 3-8 of the quarter are basically midterm season, though, especially if you're in chem (sigh). Don't worry, there's a cafe right outside the library so that if you're there and miss dinner, you can run outside and get a quick bite to eat and then run back inside. Not that I've done that before. I was just unfortunate enough to have an essay due this morning and a midterm this evening, plus no time to study last weekend.

Everyday I'm strugglin' you can clearly see that I'm going off the deep end

EDIT: But don't worry, winner. The workload is tough and it might seem like everyone's doing better than you, but that's just duck syndrome. Anyway, at least the weather is nice and you can take naps in the sun, which are always relaxing.

EDIT2: Disclaimer: I actually love college. Never fear.

EDIT3: I don't know why I said that. I'm going to stop now and take a nap... in an hour and a half."
"Having never done Mathcounts, I can't really judge here, but I'd think it would be really tough to be better than Science Olympiad, especially that much better. Partially because I'm not fantastic at competitive math. You have to be really into it to appreciate it I guess.

Actually, that's one of the reasons I like Science O. You don't have to be completely obsessed to have a rewarding experience. (Unless you go to one of those schools where you have to be completely obsessed to have a rewarding experience )"
"Soooo psyched for the band clinic tomorrow. At the end of each rehearsal this week, you can practically feel the energy in the room

Slipped on ice twice today and knocked over a music stand. Falling-on-ice count for the week = 6"
*dies* If you want to get anywhere in my school (say Varsity, or Captain of a Minor Team) you have to basically drop everything for SciO. Nothing will ever be more important than SciO, unless you only want to go to Regionals.
"The reason I don't get Girl Scout cookies anymore? Seriously, give me my Thin Mints and Shortbread and be gone with your weird creations.

Not that I have to worry about it. Last time they came around, instead of buying Girl Scout cookies, I just bought a Girl Scout."
...what? O.o
It's kind of like buying bulk rate. I could buy all these Girl Scout cookies at a certain price per box, or I could just buy a Girl Scout for one flat rate. It's a new deal they have. Or I think they have. I didn't ask.
That's probably why Gelinas does so well. Yeah, sometimes I wish I could implement that much discipline on my team.
Buys a Girl Scout, 'give me thin mints and you're free to go'. No, seriously, that's all you need for life, thin mints.
Mm, it's just about 25 out of 80 something who are like this. The others only go once or twice a week, and then compete at Regionals. It's all or nothing, honestly. We all have a lot of fun, because we all love each other. SciO is like one big, happy family
Of course! That's what makes it so unbelievable awesome.
mint is the work of evil Bakus. It is the worst of all herbs, besides cilantro. Cilantro is the work of Bakus as well.
I had to go to a colloquium today for the IB Program. There were so many kids there, like I don't even. o.O
OMG OMG YES. YES. YES. GIVE ME SOME NOW. (CLICK TO SHOW HIDDEN TEXT)
fozen knows what's good!
SAT scores... the final hours of waiting...
"@fozen, my family ate a whole box of those the other night. and by family I mean that I ate 1/2 of them.

*shame creeps over me*"
No shame. No shame at all. The are so easy to eat 20 at a time
How dare you desecrate the glories of mint and cilantro.
I'm a fan of anything mint.
by "glories" you must be sarcastic. You're funny EAST. So funny.
SAT scores have come out... for everyone except for me it seems
"An anagram of I love you is o evil you.
Happy Valentine's Day!"
Seeing as it is a certain holiday, I will refrain from entering this debate with you. It's probably not in the spirit of things and I'm kinda stressed anyway. But, if you feel so strongly about them, I can only assume that you're using them wrong.
Mmm, Thin Mints.
Mint is so good. Thin mints are slightly less delicious than samoas.
I'd agree with that entirely. But both are highly delicious
"My life is awesome.
Yesterday:
I watched Numb3rs in Geometry,
I broke free of my silence. (FREEDOM!)
I had an argument with my 3 friends at lunch about which wheel on a tricycle we would be based on which Avengers character we were. (I voluntarily agreed to be spare tire!)
My friend tried to switch 2 of my other friends brains. It was a joke about this book my friend brought to rehersal, oh gosh, you had to have been there. We all knew it wouldn't work, but it was still hilarious.
I had an awesome discussion about Gravity Falls and The Twilight Zone.
I made a new friend.
I worked on a project that somehow wasn't stressful.
So to restate, my life is awesome."
Ughhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh. I lost my voice. >_>
how does one use herbs incorrectly? Am I supposed to eat them by the bushel or by the barrel? Or should I roast them first?
Oh trust me, if it was that easy, culinary arts wouldn't exist.
"Culinary Arts:
1. Grab a bunch of food from the grocery store.*
2. Obtain a pot.
3. Throw everything in said pot.
4. Pour some water in as well.
5. Boil it.
6. Soup.

* - If you steal it, and get caught, I am not responsible for the legal troubles.

DISCLAIMER: I watched Good Eats for years. I know that this isn't really cooking."
Oh my god, Good Eats. Finally someone who likes that show! My mom says "He's too nerdy" and I go "That's the appeal". Alton Brown is amazing on every account. Except for hair volume.
Great show. If I had a cooking show, I would definitely have Alton as my first choice for whom to produce it.
I just read the entire section on Mission Possible B!
Forget that, just have Alton host it. Call it Good Eats and make sure it doesn't leave Food Network again.
somehow my class rank went from 6 to 4 after I got an 81% overall in AP English.... I don't understand schools.
"I swear, there's an elevator in our school that's haunted...
We left a carnation there for the ghost.
(Note: I do not actually believe in ghosts.)"
"iwonder wrote:
Skink wrote:
Kokonilly wrote:
DISCLAIMER: I watched Good Eats for years.
Great show. If I had a cooking show, I would definitely have Alton as my first choice for whom to produce it.
Forget that, just have Alton host it. Call it Good Eats and make sure it doesn't leave Food Network again.
Yesssss"
ERMERGERSH TWILIGHT ZONE POSSIBLE REMAKE!!!!!!!!!!
Really!? That would be amazing!!!!
I FLIPPIN' KNOW RIGHT!!!!
Crammin' like there's no tomorrow....or like the.competition's tomorrow....
Haha, same here!
Mine is next Saturday.
"Edit- I took back my opinions, I'm weak.

Have a picture, it will lighten your spirits-"
De temps a temps parce que temps. Je n'ai pas poignarde temps! Tu n'est pas temps? Je deteste toi pour le temps! TEMPS!
you need a a watch.
That was my classmate, not me!
As of regionals yesterday, I can officially say I did Science Olympiad until my fingers bled. Trying to do Disease Detectives after that was fun.
How?
"Unless my team gets wildcarded into states again, my time in Division B is over...
So can anyone tell me how different the atmosphere is in Division C, and how'd they compare/contrast the divisions."




































































































"15000th reply...

EDIT: iwonder, you got the assist"
"*Cue admin trolling again by attributing the post to someone else

In some ways 14999 is cooler than 15000 anyways... So Robotman, in accordance with that contest we talked about earlier(Since I couldn't possibly have made the 15000th post).. can I get the black with a hint of blacker black for my username? Thanks."
Congrats, everyone. Shouldn't some of you be in school?
I'm on winter break
"Well looky there, I didn't even know Jim_R came around that often! Must've been biding his time.

And iwonder, sure: Make some solid contributions to the wiki and you'll get the black username eventually :P"
It seem like it was just a few months ago when people were fighting for the 10000th post... Except that it was nearly a year and a half ago.
"because he isn't

(also I would advise that we all try avoiding feeding the ego)
winneratlife wrote:
She's trying to take a dig at me, yes. Need I remind her that I am going to school with her next year?
And... how exactly is that relevant?"
"Well... yesterday was interesting.

1. I saw a hilarious SNL skit called ""Que hora es"". You have to know Spanish to get it, though.
2. I was doing sound stuff for the talent show.
3. A community theatre near our town is doing Aladdin, and I found out that a very good friend of mine was cast as Aladdin.
4. I found out the name of the video I was telling you guys about a few pages earlier. (Chips 'n Dip PSA Just Hold It)
5. I figured out what Harlem Shake is.
6. The guy who was supposed to do the music for the talent show was sick, so I had to very quickly learn how to run the music. (It was simple, though.)
7. I did screw up with that music when I thought the play button functioned as a pause button. (Awkward...)
8. The talent show went way better than its rehersals.
9. I left school at 10pm. Somehow, I wasn't tired."
Wow, what a good way to do so!
42 is the coolest post ever...
"Post #42.

(Sorry for double posting.)"
We saw that in Spanish class
Lol today we did a dance for LOTF and we did the Harlem shake...
"What does Harlem Shake have to do with LOTF?
EDIT: @tufted: ¡NUMERO UNO!"
"Whoooo, opening night for the musical in less than a week! The sooner I get this music out of my head, the better...but I'm going to miss pit orchestra and all the hilarious/awesome stuff that happens...

On a somewhat related note (no pun intended), I wish we still got black pit shirts so we could wear them during full run-throughs. And I wish we had an actual pit, but there's nothing we can do about that short of blowing a hole in the school foundation... >.>"
dudeincolorado was the king of random comments.
"Nostalgic?

Is dudeincolorado still active on here?"
"Why didn't I get a fashion poster...


Kokonilly wrote:
(also I would advise that we all try avoiding feeding the ego)
What ego?"

"Speaking of spanish class and videos, my class watched this one a couple of months ago.
^It's just a ton of random spanish phrases that you learn in the first semester just bunched up into one ""love song."" It's hilarious. xD"
"PS: ""avoiding feeding"" sounds awkward; try ""to avoid feeding"" next time

Also my ego is so bloated it doesn't really digest compliments anymore, it just eats them and doesn't gain weight because it has reached a mass and density such that it can't get fatter due to the gravitational pull, and the density can't increase because it has reached the Chandrasekhar limit."
"I got accepted into the Performing Arts Magnet!! ...Now it's just a matter of time before I find out if I got in through IB too.

So excited. xD"
Umm... I'm not exactly sure who's a wikimod right now(mobile doesn't show it) but how would I go about deleting a Userpage with my username that I didn't make?
"Some requests are much simpler to make via a PM...
Being Omnipotent is a chore..."
Do absolutely nothing, because I've already seen it and am working on it
"I would PM, but I wasn't sure who to pm

Oh, and thanks!"
"Four ways:
1. PM the entire admin group
2. PM the entire Moderator group
3. Send an Email to admin@scioly.org
4. PM luo, zyzzyva98, Eaststroudsburg13, or myself"
I... don't even know how to respond to this.
"Me when I get a new text message:
Me when I realize it's just advertising:"
Sounds like you gave your number to the wrong person...
No, my server sends me random advertisements.
"I got 2nd at Regional Science Fair yesterday in my category. We spent ALL day there. I got to school at 6:30 AM and we got back to school at 10:00 PM and someone stole my headboard for my board. I don't get to go to States this year but maybe next year. We got to eat at the college cafe and I found out that pudding on pizza is really good. My friend brought a game called Children of the Nile and we set up a village with crocodiles on a beach across the river from the village and we declared it a religious holiday and then....the crocodiles came across the river and ate 1/3 of the residents and all the soldiers.

Also, I just realized that next year I will be doing science fair and Science Olympiad, crap."
"This is one of the funniest things I have ever seen related to Les Mis.
http://5thessenceofdust.tumblr.com/image/43768158880"
this one is also humorous
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5AbwbBTZto4 This is amusing...
"1st in SoM.
lolwut"
Grats!
Well 1st in KtH, lolwut!
Did you two compete in KtH together?
"Nope, me and my partner who was in the event for a total of 1 week

Hey can we put things on the wikis from soinc?"
It's a public site, don't see why not
Yeah, listen to tufted. She's a Grad.
"I didn't compete in KtH at Regs--conflicts, conflicts.
Also, awesome and I will never do an event together until maaaybe my senior year of high school. Then we'll see. (being two grades apart does make it slightly hard to partner one another)"
We could have at invites
So nervous... I've been holding onto the binder, and just realized my partner hasn't ever seen it.... And Regionals is March 16...
Still holding out hope that Georgia does wildcards again this year...
Hey, partner didn't know what forestry was about till the few minutes before the competition, so you could be worse
Oh, wow. I see you're also a tree hugger My Triple E partner who hasn't seen the binder doubles as my forestry partner, actually. He's so nice I hope we both get to compete at Nationals against each other, I think it would be interesting. Also, I want to meet almost everyone on scioly at some point.
Lol, that's gonna happen
Actually, a lot of us met up at Nats last year. That was fun.
What exactly are wildcards?

Wait, all the people going to nationals on Scioly or all the people on Scioly? lol The first one is much more realistic
I'm now on my third snow day in a row. Five-day weekend? Yes, please.
I was not aware of this. I may want to keep "A Person" as a faceless user, though.
"Wildcards are teams that get to go to state, that did not qualify at their regionals.

In Indiana, there's actually a wildcard tournament, where teams that barely missed out, all compete against eachother for a chance at state.

In Georgia (last year ONLY) several teams (my school included) we're invited to state, even though only the top 3 qualified at regionals.

Wildcards help correct potential issues that may have hindered a person from making the state tournament when they may have actually deserved a spot. A good example is if your regional can only take 3 teams to state, and those top 3 spots were claimed by the 4th, 5th, and 9th best teams in the state (which was how my regional was set up last yr.), you could still be one of the top 20/25 teams in the state (which we were), and may be better than some of the teams that qualified outright, because you're regional was more competitive."
Huh... In Texas the regionals are open, so you can go anywhere and the bigger teams generally spread out and the teams that are good but not top ten can go to smaller regionals.
"Our regionals are open, but there are 5/6 so the top 10 can't all be separated.generally. (and one regional is in Southern Georgia but most of our teams are around Metro Atlanta, so distance is a huge issue for that one:

But I understand what you're talking about, so generally Georgia wildcards are meant to make sure that some teams that didn't qualify for state, but may be better than some teams, get to compete.

Or at least that's my rationale"
Ahh... We've got a few more than 5 regionals
We don't have wild cards in New York, but I suspect that there is a firmly established 3-5 top teams for each division who make it to Nationals consistantly from a variety of regions. However, it does sound like a good idea generally. There are a lot of teams out there who deserve to compete more, but don't quite make it.
Yeah, well, in Texas...
"Lol....but yeah, it was a fun surprise to find out that we'd get to compete a state. Cause out regional last year was composed of a 2011 national competitor, 2002 national champ, a really good 5th place state team, another team (wildcard, but we ended up beating them at state), and us... (wildcard)


But I'm not sure if wildcards are happening this time around."
"Picked an avatar for the first time in the (almost) four years that I've had this account, saw how mutilated it looked shrunk down to 75x75, and immediately deleted it...

the quest continues."
"Woo. Tomorrow I have a math quiz, and a chapter test. I have to build a trebuchet, and finish that 20 page college essay I was talking about a few months ago, in addition to other stuff, but that's not due tomorrow.

Looks like I'm not getting any sleep tonight. yay ._."
I have a math test, bio test, and spanish test. Mostly I'm worried about the bio test
Littleboy! I read about you today!
I should really do my math homework now. Quote my teacher- "if you're going to have a snow day, you better have some homework to do."
Wish I had a snow day..
I don't know, I'm on my second one and the teachers really piled on the homework because they knew it would be bad. It kinda sucks, but at the same time I wouldn't want to be at school.
I HATE snow days. Unfortunately, we probably will have one tomorrow.
Just wanted to say
I had a geometry test yesterday, and I have a biology test and a Latin II test today. Also, my 5 page report was due today.
"I lost The Game.

I also won The Other Game."
Why do you hate snow days?
What's a snow day? Is snow that white stuff that's on the ground in winter movies? I thought that was just a legend.

Because I actually enjoy school. And I have nothing to do at home.
Make a snowman...with all your siblings. Or all your friends who ALSO don't have school...or all of them.
Yeah, we make it up to make us feel happier about our winters. We try to keep that fact hushed up, but looks like you caught us.
I knew it!
"My signature has exactly 300 characters. .-.
Aaaand my regional is in 3 days. >.> Still haven't finished cheat sheets and know nothing about Experimental Design. .-. We'll see how that goes..."
Today is my half-birthday!
"Happy half-birthday, Cedavis!

On another note, t-shirts just came in today at lunch and I'm drowning in mine because I didn't realize the shirts would be so big (and of course, being me, I ordered a size up) but alksdfjlkejfk. Regionals in 2 days. THE WORLD IS A WONDERFUL PLACE."
Did you know that lilies are poisonous to cats?
"Good luck, have fun.
sweetcoop wrote:
Did you know that lilies are poisonous to cats?
Did you know most plants associated with Christmas are poisonous to cats?"
"My regionals are in three days.
I have four stars now! Yay!"
I have a field trip for band tomorrow! I'm mostly excited because I get to miss core, hehe. xD
"wee, ponies!

apparently month old cake smells kinda bad."
Pine trees?
Gold in Crime Busters at state competition!
The needles are poisonous, as my biology teacher tells me.
Congratulations!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I went to a Catholic Mass yesterday w/ my Catholic friend. It was very nice. Then we went to teen discussion time to talk about "The Language of the Body". It involved an odd analogy between Eskimo self-preservation methods and lust. But overall, it was very nice.
I should have probably started these cheat sheets earlier... D:
I, too, can confirm the detriments of procrastination. I probably should have started writing this test more than 24 hours before the deadline... just don't tell anyone I told you guys
"Koko! How dare you!
We're in the ProBandwagon together, I guess. Pro being short for procrastination, of course."
DID YOU KNOW I WAS POISONOUS TO CATS?!?!?!?!?!?!?
I never said I was a role model. (Warning: links to an SNL short, so expect mildly inappropriate humor. It is hilarious, though!)
Lolololololol. I love it. The part you linked to relates, but I honestly think the beginning is the funniest part
I've watched it so many times... I could probably rap it word-for-word now.
Interesting....do you have a death posy Koko? You seem like the kind of person who would.
I think the term is "def posse", and the answer is obviously.
I need to get one. I will be the cat's pajamas at school.
I never knew Natalie was a pimp.... (And yeah, we are on a first name basis.)
Oh my goodness.... I need to study all weekend, and I have PJAS on Saturday. Regionals is on Wednesday!
this is amazing
Opah Elrond Style
"""sick"" days are great!

I (almost) have finished this one
http://www.noteflight.com/scores/view/3 ... 0cf87cddf4
How does it sound?

also, lol@guava"
haha! this just made me day, i don't like 1D
lolwut
"As a former Northeast Pennsylvanian, I can confirm that this is true.

All regionals in PA are usually on weekdays (Central is sometimes the exception, like this year). TBH, I don't know why, although it's nice missing a school day for it. States is also on a Friday."
How do they find people to work the tournament in the middle of the week? Manpower is tough enough as-is on a week-end.
Lol Mnstrviola we all know you are "sick"
They depend on the teams a lot. This is part of why I can't go this year, it's on a weekday and I have classes.
"Central is always on a Saturday (well, as long as I've been competing) - kinda nice to not have to make up schoolwork, but kinda disappointing to not miss school for it. :P I can easily understand putting Regionals on a Monday or a Friday (so you have a weekend before it to do some last minute prep, or a weekend after it to finish neglected schoolwork), but Wednesday just seems...odd.

In other news, no one fell off the stage or lit themselves on fire or had a set fall on them (à la Phantom of the Opera) or broke an instrument during opening night. Hoping that trend continues for our shows today and tomorrow..."
Oh man, I just realized that the Southern Regional for Colorado is tomorrow. Too bad I will be way to busy tomorrow to volunteer to help with any part of it. Well, there is always next year.
Forestry flashcards are so annoying to make by hand, but they're worth it so I just spend hours taping pictures to halved index cards
oi!.. Don't do that! ALWAYS use studyblue for Forestry flashcards. That's how we trained them last year.
But studyblue doesn't work well on my computers! I like having the actual cards instead of the computer glitching out when I try to use studyblue.
"Here's the newest addition to my SO Wall of Shame as of a few minutes ago:



This was the most amusing test answer I've seen in some time."
lol...what was that question that they answered with Dragon?
- River Song
Do any of you remember doing Division A Science Olympiad? Cause my brother had his competition today.
Wow. Seeing as how you were at West Liberty, I wonder I'd I bumped into you getting to an event or something, Skink.
"That exists? And why didn't I know!? xD

I'm just extremely excited for going to states for the first time, like, ever."
"I had to do like, Pentathlon and something else. I remember my brother did Propeller Propulsion or something like that. I dunno.

edit - Oh yeah, that other thing was called something like ""Science Bowl."" I don't really know, but it was fun, and I placed in it, haha."
"Actually, IL had two Regional competitions today (my team is up next week...)
On that note, the only non-IL scioly.org person I've met is the Chalker."
Does Chalker7 run Mousetrap Vehicle at Nationals?
Anyone else happen to notice the spam?
"I saw some spam posts in the Forestry ID thread.

I don't know how many states-only events I should take on. There are five events in addition to the ones at regionals."
I want to say helicopters.
Do any of the Chalkers run Mousetrap?
I don't think so. I think chalker runs Optics/Thermo?
"Chalker7 ran Helicopters in 2011 and 2012, and Chalker ran Optics in 2011. In 2012, Chalker staffed the scoring room so did not run any event.

In 2012, Mousetrap Vehicle B was run at nationals by Dennis Papesh, Ken Karchinski, and Bro. Nigel Pratt."
Well apparently Luo is in the loop
How shocking
Not just Luo; I have the entire list of National event supervisors for every event from 2010-2012 (the years I've been competing).
"Sounds like u
Hey You! Stop tickling furry unicorns"
Do you also have the names of their pets?
Bro. Ni! He's the man.
Oh my goodness one and a half days to cram. Well, back to Astronomy.
It was so disappointing that they didn't follow that up this year with anything...The Dark Knight Rises? Come onnn that's no substitute for the usual pre-award stuff
NO one gets it?
"I am this close to stabbing you with a rusty cuchara the next time I see you.
No. Just no."
Middle School is closing...
Need to go to sleep tonight so badly... but I don't know if I can.
I have a distinct disdain for The Bells by EAP now, after listening to it once a day in 3rd hour.
Snow Day today
Same for us. And with the state tournament 4 days away, Snow Day = Science Olympiad Day
What?! Has all of Minnesota taken a snow day? That's insane.
Yeah, it truly is inconceivable. I think it was just the perfect combination of the bulk of the snow coming late enough (after 1 a.m.) so that the plows couldn't get to it, but early enough (before 5 a.m.) that the superintendents and bus companies had time to see it before school started.
I love Snow days!
Haha, but this one must be your first since, what, kindergarten? I don't think the Mounds View School District has had a snow day in 6 or maybe 7 years.
District 196 took a snow day too, apparently. My mind, it is blown.
Yup. I remember 1 other Snow Day since Kindergarten. If Mounds View cancels school it means the end of the world.
"Here in Naperville we have a snow day too... last I remember I was in either 4th, 5th or 6th grade (2-4 years ago). What sucks is that we need to make it up later in the year, and that one of my dance classes is canceled for the third week IN A ROW.
And school tomorrow - and the last SciOly meeting before Regs - might be cancelled.
Anyway, I got retainers today and I'm doing chess practice/SciOly research"
Our district had one 2 years ago.
Our district had an 'ice day' like 2 or 3 years ago... It dropped to 25 over night right after rain, so there were small patches of ice on some of the roads and they closed school. Welcome to Texas
In fourth grade, we had "cold days" - dropped to below -20 F.
I'm pretty sure the Mounds View district doesn't close schools unless it's like -50 degrees or it's a blizzard.
Yeah, +25 is about as cold as it gets for us... Though in the summer we can top 105 on a bad day
I remember one time UMTYMP was cancelled, meaning the U cancelled class... and district 196 didn't. -_-
"We have snow days and then by 9:00 AM all the snow will be gone. and then it will freeze again, making the roads slippery. But not too slippery as too have us miss school another day.
Our district has this rule that if we get no snow days, we will get al lthe Fridays off in April. Hoping for no snow in the near future that would make us miss school."
Has anyone noticed soinc.org has changed their format?
I'm considering trying for UMPTYMP. It seems like to much work though.
It is. Meh. I know that Mounds View schools have a similar 'squish' thingy, which Luo did and which is probably better than UMTYMP. Granted, I'm not so sure the program was right for me - I was 11, with not that much work ethic or mathematical intuition - so it depends on the person.
I'm doing the squish/squeeze thing that Luo did at Irondale.
You're going to Irondale? You should try to start a Science Olympiad team there!
I am. Huberty and I have been making plans since December.
Have you found a coach at Irondale?
Not yet. We've talked to people but nobody wants that kind of responsibility or commitment.
lol I feel like I am on the Minnesota state thread
Minnesota is great. Until you have to shovel your driveway on a day like today.
Aaaand meanwhile, I'm just derping in Southern California, where everyone starts complaining about how cold it is if it dips under 50 degrees. XD
Haha yeah. We've got 9 inches of snow and counting.
yeah! I was like woaah
It's a shame it wasn't scioly.org that changed its format
"Large scale changes require many man hours of work, so when there is time to do such work, either via the staffs work, or if users decide that they would like to try to create something themselves, changes might happen.

And as always, the first rule of Administrators holds true: Complaints do little to motivate change."
That was not a complaint. Sorry if it came off that way. This is YDRC, after all. Though while you mention that, I did offer funding as a motivator for the changes I wanted to see. Nobody was interested.
It's just raining where I live. Very boring.
*waves* Everyone's complaining here because it's not sunny/cloudless. We may be a bit spoiled.
That moment when everything for your Astro Binder comes together now!

This is a post from a long time ago, but have you considered playing fruit ninja for 15 minutes a day? I'm assuming at least 1 person will know who this is from.
"waow.

If anyone's wondering, it's from this: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-9yVnKQNj58"
"I am finally beginning to realise why everyone hates Language projects so much. I have been working on mine since 10:30 pm. It is now past 3 am. I am not yet done.
Four and a half hours and counting...
/me whistles nonchalantly"
I should be doing something other than this in study hall
The site is up!
WE MADE STATES AGAIN!
My senior year we had two days where the temp was -28°F and -25°F, and we still had school.
"I'M BAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAACK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Ay, I've been busy with Wizard and my Mi Vida Loca project.


Mi Vida Loca project- Ain't nobody got time for that!

And my friends made the funniest video about making a music video. It was HILARIOUS!!!

Watch Chips 'n Dip on Youtube."
Two hour delay!
Minimum day today!
"Now it's a full day off!

EDIT: This user is really pigeon me off."
"We were about to have a quiz in English and the fire alarm went off, not even a drill

(Well, false alarm, but not a planned drill)"
"Don't know where to put this but i thougt it might be important. You can access the tests exchange by going to the wiki and using the test exchange link in one of the wkis
Edit: i just realized this, but you can just put #(any event) for example http://scioly.org/wiki/index.php/2013_T ... p_the_Heat"
"Just for those of you that did not know this, you can link to tests in BBCode just like how you link to URLs and images.
CODE: SELECT ALL
[test]Year:Event Name:Event Name With Underscores[/test]
So
CODE: SELECT ALL
[test]2013:Thermodynamics:Thermodynamics[/test]
becomes
Thermodynamics Test Exchange 2013

And
CODE: SELECT ALL
[test]2013:Reach For The Stars:Reach_For_The_Stars[/test]
becomes
Reach For The Stars Test Exchange 2013

If you didn't go to school today, you can still say you got educated!"
Cool. By the way, funny you bring that one up...what would be the point of having any Metric Mastery tests up? That event can't be done without *stuff*.
So Caltech has officially announced that admission decisions will be available tomorrow afternoon, guess I'm not sleeping tonight
Arbitrarily picking an event more than one word long didn't pan out this time around, I guess.
Guess where I am, Z!
I think "rehearsal" is the right way to spell it
I'm tired, spelling doesn't matter.
"Here in MN, wind chill will be something like -30 and we still have school. At SES we have a motto that goes along the lines of ""The weather is not inconvenient to you, you just didn't dress well enough."" That and blankets always solve the problem.

I haven't been on here in forever. My priorities for clarinet lessons, J-Quiz and SO have gotten flipped around and sadly, SO has landed on the bottom. At least State is tomorrow and then there's one less thing to panic about."
I think you also need to realize we are on a different time zone then all the other schools. The SES time zone is like 5 minutes ahead of everyone else... We are just cool that way...
I just read an article about famous missing people. It was creepy, but cool.
Like who?
A lot of missing people.
Are you one of them?
"Maybe...

MEMORY WIPE! *Throws baby wipe at sciolyperson*"
Good luck!
Lol so today at KTH my partner accidentally impounded incomplete notes (I was at Stars during impound.) So then I spazzed to the Supervisor about needing to switch notes right before the event. And he let me- he even let my partner take some notes out of the other binder to put in the right binder . And then we discovered our calculator was dead.
Since today is State, my body has found it appropriate to be super sick and nauseous the entire day. Don't know if I'm going to make it to awards, but I'll do my best to get the body to cooperate
"30k/year to Case Western and waitlisted at Caltech, a school I applied to as a joke? Best. Day. EVER. Case western's scholarship + my parent's tuition program they set up for me = each year is almost free!
Sorry, I know being w/l isn't anything like being accepted, but it's not a rejection and I'm going to take what I can get.
So excited about life right now."
Regionals was awesome, but my computer kinda sorta died during the competition out of nowhere...trying to save my data
"*highfive*

Guys, all this talk of Caltech made me realize that MIT comes out Thursday.

Ah, whatever."
"Oh man, that's so exciting I have a friend who got accepted to Case early with a similar scholarship, she was super pumped too!
Meanwhile, I'mma keep twidling my thumbs until the rest of the decisions start trickling in..."
In my experience, being waitlisted essentially means that they like you, but not quite enough to accept you. So I'd take it as a compliment.
I've been looking at how to apply on the UCAS system and it seems like it will be a little bit of a hassle when it comes time to apply. I can't even find the place to apply but then again, I haven't really looked that hard cause the need for it is years away.
"Are you trying to tell us college applications are only

??? Understatement of the year...
(But yeah, applying overseas can get complicated. A friend of mine had to fly over to the UK to interview/test for Cambridge. I still can't believe they make you take an actual test in front of your interviewer in the math/science you're applying for!)"
yes; all my applications have been relatively easy and carefree, you know with my being in 8th grade.
"/friendly nudge
Don't take me too seriously"
Of course we won't, why on Earth would we?
I'm tempted by Cambridge, but it seems farfetched to apply. Maybe I'll go to Oxford for a semester...
If you're referring to here, A) we're on quarters, and B) I've heard Oxford is fun. I plan on applying to Australia for junior year eventually. Or Beijing. Somewhere.
"For a trimester, yeah yeah. You know what I meant. And idk, I've heard it called trimesters and quarters? Because technically you'd be counting summer quarter as a quarter, and by that logic no school is on semesters, but they are all rather on trimesters... and we call them semesters.

Yeah I was originally thinking Australia, but then I realized that
a) Oxford is a better school
b) Clothes in England are better
c) A Liverpool game or two"
"Meh, it's quarters. Summer quarter is a quarter - a sizable amount of people stay on-campus. Anyway, it then doesn't make sense to call them by the seasons (for example, winter quarter is currently ending).

B and C are also not reasons. Australia is... Australia. And it's bio! So that's exciting."
"Got 1st at Regionals!
1st in KTH (though the calculator died)
1st in R&M (despite the binder issue - I had thought my partner had a lot of notes, but he actually stole the JV binder - I then put my notes in my KTH binder and everything went normally)
2nd in Stars"
C is most certainly a reason. Premier League football? You ain't gettin' that in Australia.
I really am going to have to put far more hours of practice for SO in over the next month. I feel like I must match EASTstroudsburg13's feat of medaling at States.
Grats!
"We watched this video in class today. It's extremely inspirational, and pretty sad, but overall REALLY amazing. ^_^

Check it out if you want!"
You realize another person on our team medaled in three events at states, right?
"EXACTLY

Also, got saddled with my tenth event today... and regionals is Saturday. Anybody care to teach me DyPlan in the next week?

Not to mention I still need to learn MagLev..."
">.>
I think I'm depressed."
*is not sure if should change profile to Div. C or not*
Isn't everyone?
Clinically? I think not. I don't know if I am, though. I'm just feeling abnormally sad. With aches and dull pain.
Everything you heard about Windows 8 is true.
How many time blocks is the tournament? How will there be time for you to compete in 10 events?
This is... probably not the place to be talking about it, though I'm sorry you feel that way. If you think you're depressed, you should probably talk to someone who can help, in person, like a parent or similar adult figure.
Winner DP is EASY. Just have really good notes and you will probably do fine.
But keep in mind, other teams will have good notes too.
That is true. Hours of studying does help to prepare you for the event.
"OH MY GOSH A PIG!!!!

I know, it's adorable."
I really like Gravity Falls
"That pic is my new wallpaper.

""ONWARDS AOSHIMA!!!!"""
"6. I do MagLev test before it starts, run to Chem Lab (Block 1), then run to Technical (Block 2), finish 15 minutes early, sprint to Robot Arm, run it, run to Write It Do It (Block 3), get out like 25 minutes early due to the nature of the event, drive across campus (apparently...) to Gravity Vehicle, compete, stop by homeroom, grab a slice of pizza, keep running, hit DyPlan (Block 4), then head to Fermi (Block 5), get out 20 minutes early, compete for Boomilever, and end with Circuit Lab (Block 6).

I have my partner run the MagLev without me."
omg. You should try out for track.
Intense. Good luck!
Yeah i did, I just don't even reemmber if he had a scioly....
First all-nighter... half an hour of sleep in the past 28 hours... it's 2:30 PM... *twitch*
This year or ever?
All-nighter? Never had one. The latest I've stayed up is a meager 3:00
My lastest on a school night is 3:30.
"Ever, excluding plane trips. The least amount I'd gotten before was 90 minutes, before River Falls last year.

Update: 10:30 PM, meaning I've been awake for 36.5 hours straight, with the half-hour lunch nap included. All signs point to not going to bed before midnight. Life is exciting."
"It's currently 3:30 in Chicago, early Thursday morning. I last went to bed on Monday night, waking up around 9 on Tuesday. If I can math, that's about 42.5 hours, and I'm probably not going to bed until MUCH later today (dang labs and essays).
Do I win?
This isn't what winning feels like."
"And as always there's an appropriate xkcd:

http://xkcd.com/622/"
I also do this: http://xkcd.com/525/
Winneratlife: projected AIME score?
Yeah, I wound up going to bed at 5, which made for about 43.5 hours awake. Dang quarter system... Only one more day of dead week (excluding today), at least!
"I feel so weird having pulled 15-20 all nighters this school year already. I do too much.
Water Quality research is really great! I learned so much in 45 minutes about pH and B.O.D!

HAPPY PI DAY EVERYONE!"
"LOL

Got 1, 2, 3, 4, 6, 7, 8, 9, 11, 12, 13, but I applied the quadratic formula wrong for 3... meaning I'm looking at a 10 if I didn't do anything else stupid. Meh."
Wow, you really are a winner at life! That's really good, I wish I could even answer one AIME question right. Or even make it past the AMC, heh.
"Dang, still better than me. I got 1, 2, 3, 4, 6, 7, 9, 11, 12 and guessed the rest . . . but with my AMC score (99), my index is looking to be 189, so unless a miracle happens and I guessed 1 or 2 of the rest of them right, then I probably missed the cutoff. /sigh
Lol now I need to cram all of the Campbell Bio Textbook in before the USABO semi test on Tuesday. Or maybe study for the USNCO open test on Monday. Idk. Second semester senior year has been anything but slack."
"No.

Most of the rest of the world sees today as 14/3 (Ignore the xkcd for a moment)

Thus, I celebrate approximate Pi Day, July 22nd (22/7). The U.S. has to get on the same page as the rest of the world. Dates are the first step towards a Metric America."
"A 9 is still pretty impressive.

Also, adMITted."
Nice! I know you're prolly not going there, but still.
Lol denied here. Pretty terrible day today.
"Aw man same here, though I'm not terribly hung up on it because I'd prepared myself for rejection weeks ago (I'm not exactly an optimist).
At least the worst I can do at this point is Caltech."
Even with that said, I'm not celebrating Pi day until 3-14-15
Don't worry guys, plenty of smart people get rejected from MIT. They have space for only so many people, and with so many qualified people applying, they have to make some tough decisions. It's not the end of the world, you'll still get a good education wherever you end up going.
In Wind Ensemble we sight-read Vientos y Tango today, and it was announced we're going to learn how to learn how to tango over two days in April. And, because it's Pi Day, someone made apple pie turnovers to share for lunch today. A great day capped off by getting my pipette torpedo to go almost a meter.
Aw come on, Caltech is awesome! If nothing else, you'd be able to stay involved with SciOly throughout college and plus you'd have access to some of the awesome resources of the nearby JPL (if you're into Aero/Astro or MechE or EE) or the awesome resources of the City of Hope and the Beckman Institute if you're more into the bio side of things. I'm sure bearasauras would love to tell you about all the wonderful stuff Caltech has to offer.
"I don't believe in a metric America. ._.
I still want to move to Bhutan."
happy half tau day
lol metric America...I had that dream once. Then, I realized it was impractical.
"Good. It is.
I've had a similar dream, but it was the opposite, and everyone was standard. I can't remember it very well, but I think it was orderly."
Funny thing about this is that the first thing I do with all the scioly measurements in the rules is convert them to empirical. My calipers and scales(length) and stuff are all in inches Weight is grams though...
America needs to get with the program...
I'm back ya'll. Rejoice in my glory!
How was the Oklahoma state tournament? Who were the winners?
Oh no, how horrible
Haha nah, I was being sarcastic. I'm really glad (and still somewhat disbelieving...) that I got in - I'm pretty sure I couldn't possibly go wrong with Caltech - but I'm still waiting on the rest of the decisions before committing. I'll have a chance to visit this spring break, and I know it'll be great I've heard good things from my former classmates who go there!
"A pi day contribution:

There was a village that had four competing pie shops, each inhabiting their own corner of the town. One of these shops was named ""The Circle"".

The Circle wanted to gain an edge on the other shops, they wanted to stand out. They realized they could transport more pies in their boxes if they made the pies square instead of circular, so they would stack better. The only place in the village to have these oddly-shaped pies is at The Circle.

So, for the area of The Circle, the pie are squared."
First performance of the school musical was today, and it was SO MUCH better than I expected!! The crowd was going crazy, and we got a standing ovation
I wasn't there but I hear it was good. The winners for C was Union High School which is a suburb of Tulsa and a pretty affluent community so I think they might actually be going to Nats this year. The winners for B were the usual- Casady, Whittier, Dove, etc. You can view the results on the state website- http://www.oksciolympiad.org/ . I hope we can get in the top 2 next year. That would be fun. This is Union's first year as I recall so it's possible for a first year team to go to Nats.
You, sir, need to learn some school spirit before you show up in the fall. You're supposed to hate them.
Well, it's true that Caltech students are notoriously confused in the logistics of cannon transportation, but other than that I have no complaints.
I see you know how school spirit works. You're going to enjoy the week of Big Game...
I was on Tumblr and I saw http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Emu_War. I thought that I should post it on here for a few laughs and such. Only in Australia (or any place that has a surplus of large flightless birds) would this happen.
"hm, I always feel weird doing things like this, but it may be worth it

free caramel macchiatos at starbucks, no strings attached...
http://t.rmncdn.com/printable/prod/star ... 533468.png
yum"
"So as far as college news:

Likely letter from Columbia
Accepted by University of Chicago (let the flame war recommence)
Accepted by University of Vermont
Accepted by Stony Brook University

I'm not complaining."
"WIZARD OF OZ HAS BEEN GOING SO FREAKIN' AWESOME!!!!
(Oh, and happy belated Pi Day! I made a poster with the digits of pi, and I colored some so it would read pi! 'Twas awesome.)"
Congratulations, Paleonaps! And good luck with the rest of your decisions.
Nice!!
Too bad someone tore it down the day before...
Awww (
"States, at least, I suppose.

Didn't get my desired number of medals though. Fell short by two (AND THE TWO EVENTS I'M USUALLY ALWAYS SOLID AT...WHY)"
Musicals are SO MUCH FUN!!!
"My life BUTTERFLUCKING sucks, like, a lot, right now.
I want to shrivel up and die. Right. Now."
Whats up mate?
Oh, the usual depression.
"Thats never fun, If you need to talk about it in more detail feel free to PM me about it. I will gladly talk.
And take a picure of a funny cat, that makes most things a little bit better:"
Dat's a funny kitty :3
"Kittehs!!!!
EDIT: My friends and I were joking about a musical about the mafia with songs like, ""Twinkle Twinkle Little Star,"" ""Happy Birthday,"" and ""Baa Baa Black Sheep"".

Now you really wanna see that.
EDIT: Congratulations, Forever!"
Wow, congrats Forever!

"She's a Wikimod now.

Gotta love it when your coach pulls out of two of your best - and favorite - events and puts you in two you've never done with only a couple weeks left before state. Sure, I've been asking for A&P for ages now, but Exp Design? Really?"
"She's a wikimod now.

edit - Lol, FMM beat me to it."
oh. Well good job Forever. You have been fully entrapped to the the.....Cult of of the Wiki!
The first rule of the wiki is that you really should tell everyone you know in Science Olympiad about the wiki, because it's a rather helpful tool that we want to allow as many people as possible to use.
fixed
Fixd one more time. Essentially a shortened version of zyzzyva's statement.
"I've started playing Neopets again. (This is like the second time this year that it's happened, wow.) I feel like such a little kid, but it's so much fun!

But anyway, if anyone wants to be my Neofriend, my account is Aim4me26. :3"
Just thought it was worth a mention that the kid in my region who made IChO only got 3rd in Chem Lab...
"*basking in Neo-richness
I'm creepers_jeepers
thanks for the rake

also, combo SAT/ACT practice test results next wednesday. :exciting:"
"I just got on and saw all of these random congratulations being handed out to me.

Thanks, guys!

Also, NATIONALS WHOO

Way too many good things just happened."
"Forever! *tackles* It's been forever. You did well! Awesome! I made it to states! Awesome!
Stuff is going well, even though my depression has been spiking recently."
"Congratulations, forever!

Aw, Case

Maybe you should try talking to someone besides strangers on scioly, because we can't really help you... Although, I'm always here if you need me!"
Yeah, bud, I have to agree. I'd be a bit concerned that your depression is 'spiking'. If that's the case, please speak with a professional. We can provide moral support, and that's about it.
"Wizard of Oz is over.
I... I just can't believe...
Words don't describe...
It's just...
*Reenacts the end of The Christmas Post*
Wow."
and Im starting a new play next month, it's like magic. But I'll be backstage doing stuff.
Oh, trust me, I do. It's not as bad as y'all think, I guess, cuz I'm strong? I don't know. But I don't do self-harm or the suicidal thoughts thing, so I should be good.
New avatar? Nice.
Today I found out that Mr. Bey is leaving ! Almost all Panthers were abuzz with shock. Someone was crying. I described it to my mom as being hit with an old desktop. In his memory, we will all wear black tomorrow. (No, he didn't legit die. But he died in our minds in that Room 201 is now merely a classroom - not the entrance to the Twilight Zone, not a clinic, not a juggling seminar, not a breathing seminar, not a cafe, not a gender confusion clinic, nor is it anything else aside from the mere classroom that it was before Mr. Bey's time.

Who is that?
Quizbowl. Obviously.
Not sure whether or not this is sarcasm.
"Awkwafina...

Language warning: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0-taYShNaPU"
Definitely thought you had come up with a clever rephrasing of "awkward". I am mildly disappointed.
Watch "YouTubers React to Goat Remixes" by TheFineBros on YouTube!!
I agree, but if we are going to remain ignorant, I want pie on 3/14, and 22/7 (The day after my birthday!) I also want to have twice as much pie on 6/18 because its tau day (however you spell that.)
"Yep, that's tau...

I'm taking an online course and on the discussion for it someone made a whole case to the staff for using tau instead of pi... It's interesting, but I don't really see the point"
"Being sick for 1 day: no school? fun!
Being sick for 2 days: GAAAH SO MUCH HOMEWO- *sneeze* HOMEWORK!!! *STRESS"
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jG7vhMMXagQ
Now starts states season... So much to do, so little time to do it.
This has been my life for the past two days.
really? hah xD hope you get better!
"Awkwafina...

Language warning: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0-taYShNaPU"
Definitely thought you had come up with a clever rephrasing of "awkward". I am mildly disappointed.
Watch "YouTubers React to Goat Remixes" by TheFineBros on YouTube!!
I agree, but if we are going to remain ignorant, I want pie on 3/14, and 22/7 (The day after my birthday!) I also want to have twice as much pie on 6/18 because its tau day (however you spell that.)
"Yep, that's tau...

I'm taking an online course and on the discussion for it someone made a whole case to the staff for using tau instead of pi... It's interesting, but I don't really see the point"
"Being sick for 1 day: no school? fun!
Being sick for 2 days: GAAAH SO MUCH HOMEWO- *sneeze* HOMEWORK!!! *STRESS"
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jG7vhMMXagQ
Now starts states season... So much to do, so little time to do it.
This has been my life for the past two days.
really? hah xD hope you get better!
"Awkwafina...

Language warning: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0-taYShNaPU"
Definitely thought you had come up with a clever rephrasing of "awkward". I am mildly disappointed.
Watch "YouTubers React to Goat Remixes" by TheFineBros on YouTube!!
I agree, but if we are going to remain ignorant, I want pie on 3/14, and 22/7 (The day after my birthday!) I also want to have twice as much pie on 6/18 because its tau day (however you spell that.)
"Yep, that's tau...

I'm taking an online course and on the discussion for it someone made a whole case to the staff for using tau instead of pi... It's interesting, but I don't really see the point"
"Being sick for 1 day: no school? fun!
Being sick for 2 days: GAAAH SO MUCH HOMEWO- *sneeze* HOMEWORK!!! *STRESS"
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jG7vhMMXagQ
Now starts states season... So much to do, so little time to do it.
This has been my life for the past two days.
really? hah xD hope you get better!
PI (CLICK TO SHOW HIDDEN TEXT)
"""Please go to funnyjunk to view this image""
lolnty

wow, another animated kid's movie with an Owl City track? *mumbles"
Haha mnstr, saw that. "Shine Your Way" feat. Yuna
"Me in June:


I like how I came from this to using swag like every 15 minutes. Haha, wow."
Who's ready for states? JT Lambert is certainly better than we were last year! I've been studying so hard. But we might only have a team of 11 or 13 this year, because a lot of people aren't doing their work. But anyway, who's gonna be at the PA state competition this year?
I'll be at New York States! However, I'm not even close to ready...
"lol! swag.

so, we're doing a biome/human impact project in bio. lucky me, I'm sick so I didn't get to pick. instead, my partner, unknowing of my obsession with all things freshwater, picks marine life. ;_;"
GUYS, MISSING FLIGHTS IS REALLY EXCITING! I just LOVED running around with a suitcase, paying for a shuttle from San Jose to San Francisco, spending three and a half hours on the phone keeping 4 different parties up-to-date with the situation, and ultimately ending up with a middle seat.
Isn't it awesome? Don't you want to do that everytime you have to fly now?
10/10 would do again.
Well played, Assassinator(s). Well played.
That ultra annoying moment when you're tabbing a field guide and run out of post-its.
MY SCHOOL HAS THE HITCHIKER'S GUIDE SERIES!!!!!
"I've been trying to improve my spilts. I can do the left one, almost do a straddle, and my right split is hopeless. They were getting better, but today I pulled a muscle in my upper left thigh/groin. Oh my God it hurts, and now my splits are going to regress because I won't be able to do them for a few days

If you're a dancer, you can probably understand my pain."
I just finished Season 2 of Black Butler. Just...wow.
"Excellent.

Also: Spring break is not that exciting when outside is completely unappealing."
"So, I went out driving for the first time today (I delayed for quite a while in getting my permit)...

It had started out so well. I was a pro. I had those turns down. Drove all the way to my grandfather's house, and back. It was excellent.
Then I ran into my house."
O.O are you OK? I'm slightly afraid of how I'll do.
"Me=OK. Uncle teaching me how to drive=OK. Car=OK. House=not at all ok.

It's pretty bad...we're having a guy come look at it tomorrow. I'm not sure what insurance will cover. There goes any money I might have made for myself this summer."
How's the car stronger than the house? :O
"My recent college visit, in short:

Current students: ""So whatcha want to major in?""

Me: ""Biochem.""

Them: ""Oh, bless your heart\isn't that special\good luck\you're going to die\that's the hardest major at this school\some variant thereof.""

The next four years are going to be wonderful.*

*Actually, I adore my college already. I can't wait to get involved with Texas SciOly. :3"
What college? (Sounds like UT...)
Nope, University of Dallas. I'm not familiar with SO in your state, but I'm hoping there's some good stuff going on around the DFW area.
"One of the major invitationals(Greenhill) is in dallas, and there's quite a few regionals in the area. (Not to brag, but I believe Cyfalls hosted the largest invite this year)

The majority of the national teams for most of the states history come from down south(Houston/Austin area). The state contest is hosted by Texas A&M and organized by A&M Science Outreach. But we could definitely use your help"
oh hey, our team is probably going there next year for invites. Or we will go up someplace in Kansas. We havent really decided yet
"I have an announcement to make.

I may not be doing SO next year.

No, scratch that, I may not even have a team next year.

Next year, I wanna do more theatre stuff. This would make big conflicts with SO. Some of you I already told this. However, I just found out that our school may not have a team next year, due to us having a small team and our coach being pregnant. All this aside, I just wanna say I've had a great time doing SO in the 2 years I've done it. IDK whether or not I'll still go on this site next season, if we do have a team next year, I probably won't, but if we don't have a team next year, I prbly will.

Also, Regionals yesterday. 3rd in Disease Detectives!"
That irritating moment when your flight gets cancelled because there is. no. freaking. plane.
CyFalls or Greenhill?
"I can vouch for Kansas invitationals. We know what we're doing up here- and we'd probably be a little less competitive than Texas. Allow me to suggest the Kapaun Invitational in Wichita.

Or go to one in Kansas and Texas. That would give you a good idea of where you stand- if you have the money, of course. Money's always an issue."
"Oh, duh, I completely forgot about Greenhill. Considering some Kansas teams compete there, I'll have to see what I can do to help out. :D A&M might be kind of far, but I'll find a way.
zyzzyva98 wrote:
Allow me to suggest the Kapaun Invitational in Wichita.
Absolutely echoing this! We'd love to have teams from Oklahoma come up to compete. I won't be at Kapaun anymore (;_;), but I'd be able to get you in touch with the right people if you still want to go next year."
If we go to a Texas invite we will likely go to Greenhill because it is closer to us than Houston. But Wichita is only 3 1/2 hours away opposed to 5 hours to Greenhill. At this point it looks like Kansas wins. I actually went to Wichita on Friday and I must say that the drive there is incredibly boring.
"How does that work? You'll only come on if you don't do SciOly?


Also, women are so difficult."
"Ouch...I empathize, mate. :\ (Also, if it makes you feel any better, I was literally inches away from getting in a traffic accident the first time I went out driving on actual roads...)
winneratlife wrote:
Also, women are so difficult.
You would say that"
I've never understood how women are difficult. I mean, men are pretty challenging themselves!
I second Alpha's statement.
"That awkward moment when you notice that your brother state has 6 times as many teams as your state....

9 opposing teams makes winning state easer."
oh?
"Wait...why? I don't get it.

Also I suppose I can be pretty challenging but still..."
Tied for 1st at a chess tournament yesterday! (Got 2nd on tiebreaks)
Nice job! I want to go to chess tournaments again but they always seem to fall on bad dates. Case in point: the Philadelphia Open is this weekend, while I'm on spring break.
Can someone please explain to me why everyone on scioly is a foe except for those who I was friends with before I was banned?
It's the case for everyone.
"Yeah. I really wanted to go to Supernationals this year, but I have a dance recital on the same day.

Edit: Oops, doublepost."
"We moved servers, and then the server broke, and we haven't gotten around to fixing it.

Also, Spring Break=Study Break.
Yay SO!"
I think that someone is only challenging to the opposite sex. Because they are the opposite sex.
"IKR?
Psyching out for States, which is in nearly 4 weeks.
But feeling no pressure about geometry test in two weeks.

Sciolyer logic for you."
Oh, meh, girls can be obnoxious too. There's definitely a reason I requested a coed floor at college.
This is absolutely false in my case.
Whoooo, the stupid butterflying maglev finally works! :D Granted, it's less than two weeks til Regionals, but at least one build is finally working and not constantly breaking...
Butterfly maglev thing?
Your friendly neighborhood butterfly always comes to the rescue to save your eyes from the evils of the forbidden words.
"Casey says that a lot too!

I'm not ready for states, and I'm freaking out. April 12"
"Wait, what? I curse a lot, but I'm clever about it.
EDIT: Okay, I guess not. robotman, if you're going to edit it out, then just edit it out. -.-

Isn't it the 17th?
OH MY GOD.
I've been telling people it was the 17th.
Someone kill me."
How do you know he isn't talking about a literal MagLev butterfly?
No, it's the 27th.
".-.
12th.
I still can't believe it. It's so soon!"
"If I have a team, I probably won't join. It just wouldn't seem right.

And also, I would agree that women can be kinda difficult. (Yes, I am a girl.)

Edit: My brother said that in 3000 years, archeologists will find tanning beds and think that we bured people for torture."
Casey, what I meant is that you use butterfly related profanity You'll be fine, and I'll get to meet you!!!!
"Oh. Yeah. Well, I usually don't, but the ridiculous restrictions on this site encourage me to...
I hope I haven't misled anyone, though.
I CAN'T WAIT!"
I went and searched butterfly maglev to see if it was some design or something...
I swear, Johnny Test is one of the stupidest shows ever.
"Perhaps, but it's got nothin' on...

-16 and Pregnant
-Cops
-Planet Sheen
-tosh.0

...and the like."
Tosh.0 is hilarious, if stupid. Johnny Testicle is just... Dumb.
District Festival tomorrow! So excited to see all my friends that went off into high school last year again!
Only ever seen Planet Sheen, I guess that is pretty stupid.
Planet Sheen is terribad, without Jimmy Neutron the characters are just brain dead. To be fair I've only withstanded a few minutes of the show, but that was enough.
Honey Boo Boo. Get owned.
Tosh.0 is basically a glorified YouTube blog, from what I've seen. So, I mean, if you like YouTube things, then it's probably up your alley.
If you're a ballerina, and your defalt hairstyle isn't a cinnamon bun, I'm probably judging you... That said, sometimes I do Princess Leia-style buns or I'll do a more elaborate braided updo for dance.
I love you, Rachel Maddow. I hate you, Westboro Baptist Church.
While I completely understand your sentiments, doesn't saying that you hate Westboro make you just as bad as they are?
Why?
I'm watching Dance Moms, so please tell me, what's going on?
Well, she's talking about the DOMA Supreme Court Case hearing, or something like that.
What is that? I'm sorry, I'm stupid and lazy.
They can be considered a hate group, right? Therefore by hating them, you'd be on their level... Ehh, I don't mean to start a philosophical discussion, I just wanted to point that out.
I figure that if they hate me, I'm within my rights to hate them back. Don't you think?
C'mon people. This is Science Olympiad , not Librall Arts Olympiad.
What is that supposed to mean? And just because we're on a Science Olympiad forum doesn't mean that has to be the complete center of all topics.
Well if you hate them that just let's them believe that it is ok to hate anyone (which it isn't).
"""Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that."" ~MLK

Although I really hate this whole topic, especially my pro LGBTQ friends who for some reason think that it's not okay for people to have equal signs as their profile pictures on facebook to support marriage equality... like please just let them support what they want..."
Unfortunately, I can't help hating them. I'm not just going to "stop" hating them. It doesn't work like that for me.
I don't hate them, it just makes me sad.
So is that why I can't unfoe them?
So we have 20 hate groups in Oklahoma, I find that sickening. Find out how many your state has- http://www.splcenter.org/get-informed/hate-map
???
This is horrible. My state has 38, and it is big, but about 30 of them are in NYC.
My state comes in second to California with 62... From the way it seems in the news most of them militia groups
My state has 27.
Smiling? A large percentage of them are KKK groups!
Not really similing... Just laughing at the borderline obsession with firearms in my state.
4th most
"Oh. xD Well, I guess that's laughable.

Anyways, Apocalyptica is really amazing. So is Adam Gontier. And Michael Barnes. And Joe Rickard. And Jasen Rauch."
The Tech Club I'm in was featured in the newspaper!!!
"Yeaaaah CA #1!!!!..... oh wait


In other news, one more day till spring break yeeeeeeee"
"Frankly, I'm almost positive they do this just because they are trolls. They just want the attention; since that appears to be what keeps the group going. If we don't overreact to them, I'm pretty sure after Fred Phelps dies within the next two years, the group will gradually dissolve away.

Incidentally, this is a cool video involving a member of WBC and a member of the hacktivist group Anonymous. I think the way the Anonymous representative handled this was perfect.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OZJwSjor4hM. Basically, what they appear to do is just troll them back. That's all we can do.

And yes, Rachel Maddow is very smart. Completely agree with you there."
It is also possible that they are insane.
That is possible, but if you watch the video, she may be insane, but she does appear that she is trolling to a large extent.
"And then there's the suspicion that Fred Phelps is actually gay. XD

""You're all a bunch of thugs. And criminals. And you're disobedient in the extreme, and you don't obey God, and you're all facing your imminent destruction."" BWAHAHAHA! I love this video.
I don't think she's trolling. She's for real.

And yes, Rachel Maddow is huggable."
"I suppose they might be the last extant specimens of Homo sapiens neandertalensis
I personally like the part where the lady doesn't get the over 9000 joke."
"I've always preferred the Calvin and Hobbes Latin name: Doofus ignoramus.
I know, I loved that. And the guy from Anonymous was so serious about saying that; maybe that's why she didn't get it. Or she just didn't get it."
A book that has recently come out suggests that they are most likely hilariously/horribly stupid/willfully ignorant and, like other hate groups, aren't going to go away with outside influence. The best thing to do is probably just ignore them and wait for the leader to die, because let's face it - if they ignore the fact that the KKK itself denounced them, there's nothing anyone can do.
I like muffins. Who likes muffins?
"Depends on the flavor. I like corn muffins, though. How about you?
Kokonilly wrote:
A book that has recently come out suggests that they are most likely hilariously/horribly stupid/willfully ignorant and, like other hate groups, aren't going to go away with outside influence. The best thing to do is probably just ignore them and wait for the leader to die, because let's face it - if they ignore the fact that the KKK itself denounced them, there's nothing anyone can do.
Well said, my friend. Well said."
The blueberry muffins at Sweet Tomatoes are amazing.
Meh. Do you like waffles?
Gahhhh, I'm just too awkward. xD
According to my RFTS partner, St. Petronille=St. Pedophile. That's what he read on their shirts.
"Guess what book I just finished reading!
(Hint: 42)"
I have done similar things...
Hrm, prize to whoever finds it first...
"THIS? (CLICK TO SHOW HIDDEN TEXT)
Btw, the image gallery link doesn't work...."
"Well that was quick...

And I know tufted, I am still getting things setup.

You win a cookie."
Edit: Just noticed that there's a scoretracker...the link doesn't work though. What does that do?
"Scientists think they have found the first human/Neanderthal hybrid in northern Italy.

Discuss

Also, here is the link-http://science.nbcnews.com/_news/2013/0 ... found?lite"
Heh... That sounds like a homework assignment. Are you sure you're not posting this for us to do your homework for you?
"omgomgomg going to Yosemite!!!!! I get to see rivers. and trees. and glacially-eroded landscapes. wahooo
EDIT: lolnvmind it's cancelled. still might go in summer though. </3"
Late at night is when the saddness and self doubt creep in. I should probably go to sleep now
Happy Good Friday!
"I loved it there, even with the big hantavirus warning... It's really, really beautiful! Where are you going to go?
Oh, aw... Well, same for if you do go?"
OMG. This is horribly amazing.
I forgot it was April Fools and thought this was a permanent change for a second...freaked out. This is TERRIBLE.
"I've made a slightly modified stylesheet that makes the text easier to read and makes the logo less annoying. You can find it here (link) and use it with a broswer extension such as Stylish (<-more links).
OR, YOU CAN GET THE CSS HERE (HIDE TAG): (CLICK TO SHOW HIDDEN TEXT)
Edit: Now with visible links.
Edit 2: And hide tags."
This is flawless.
I really hope that this remains the theme for a very long time.
What are you guys talking about? I don't notice anything different.
Is there a reason I have a flower beside my name and everyone else has a rock?
Love it!
Hover your Hello Kitty over it.
What is everyone talking about?
....your birthday.
Huh? What does this have to do with my birthday?
The Hello Kitty is wonderful.
All the writing is transparent.. but hello kitty makes it up.
Flowers are for online people; rocks mean offline.
"Poisson d'avril !!!!!!!!!!



Est-ce que vous comprenez?

Hello kitty"
Tres bien. But I dunno what you said because <--that's almost all of the French I know
All I think that I can understand is "Do you understand?" or the gist of that.
"yup

what about ""poisson d'avril""?

(i'm terrible at grammar >.>)"
April fish... I AM TEH REAL DEGAULLE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"POISSON D'AVRIL (CLICK TO SHOW HIDDEN TEXT)
edit:oops click ""Poisson"""
Gotta love the cursor on this new theme. xD
Someone, anyone. Please love me.
April fools, I knew about the theme the whole time!
What's with the sudden change of user icons?
Soo....Pentathalon is a national trial event?
April Fools? IDK. Mine right now is for (unofficial) Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy day.
I'm curious as well. Mine's fine, though.
Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy is a good book
Did anyone find the treasure on Google's treasure map hunt on Google Maps? I wonder if there was even a hidden treasure.
Hate trying to find something to do this summer...
I'm probably just gonna be home alone all summer.
Meh, I did (almost) nothing the summer after senior year (except going to South Africa for a week). You're fine. In fact, I'd recommend that you take it easy so that you don't get burnt out during college (not that you will at Stanford!).
I hate when people refer to us as Guh-linez. It's Juh-linas, with a harder "G." You have no idea how frustrating it is in competition!
...actually, in English, the "guh" sound is referred to as the hard sound, while "juh" is referred to as the soft sound.
"Thanks

I feel like my entire life has been a lie!!!"
"Where do you people learn this stuff?

Never leaned that in English >.>"
Im tols they teach it at school. Not that I've ever gone
"That's not exactly taught in school...I learned it because I read a grammar textbook once.
Yes, I know, a grammar textbook. Don't judge me."
Or just pronounce it to yourself and use common sense....
"^
I've always said Jeh-lee-nuss, even without ever hearing the school name pronounced.
Then again, I do spelling bees, and know a thing or two about English pronunciation."
"so is it Guh as in Go?
or guh as in gel?"
"silverheart7 wrote:
I hate when people refer to us as Guh-linez. It's Juh-linas, with a harder [softer] ""G."" You have no idea how frustrating it is in competition!
.-.

I just did my first semiprofessional interview. It was kind of nerve-wracking."
Spelling bees rock. I've been to nationals twice.. awesome experience, made lots of friends
Jeez, you're lucky. I could qualify, but my city isn't willing to pay up, and I wasn't able to get a sponsor. >.> I wish there was a high-school version.
That stinks.. usually the local community sponsors the trip. And I agree.
"I went to Imagination Station in Toledo today. It's pretty cool, if you ever get the chance to go there.
I pretty much had a heart attack on the high-wire bike."
Well, my city is kind of poor... We can hardly afford keeping some schools from closing, let alone funding a trip to D.C. for one student.
Already burning myself out. I can feel the burn already. It's so hard to get anything done this break; I go out by day and by night I have homework, studying for econ challenge, fed challenge, and this Stanford class I signed up for on coursera (Heard of Social and Economic Network Analysis?) I don't know why I do this.
"You use Coursera? AWESOME! XD
I have a Stanford course right now, but it's only the first week and there's not much to do."
Mm, there you go then. Haven't heard of the class, but then I haven't checked Coursera in quite a while (I do have a t-shirt from them, though!). If you feel burnt out already, definitely take it easy this summer.
What are you guys doing for spring break?
"It already passed for a lot of us - mine was the last week of March, and I know someone else from Michigan who had theirs this week. Besides visiting Pasadena, I basically just slept, ate, and did some Scioly building.
You doing anything exciting?"
Not in particular, no. :/ But, I did go to Imagination Station yesterday, that was fun!
I went to Peru
"Wow, nice! How was it? I've never been, but I've been to Guatemala and Belize (three years ago), which was a nice trip.
I had spring break already and I did Crime Busters almost every day. .-.

Yay! I'm competing with Ithaca next year! Maybe I can get them to states.
I'm kind of nervous doing Div. C because I don't know what to expect as much."
"Neither do I.
Though I arguably could've been in Div. C this season."
Oh, you visited Pasadena? Didja say hi to bear?
I couldn't, and if I wasn't moving, I'd definitely do Div. B with my current middle school next year. I hope I can put together a decent team. Ithaca usually doesn't make a very good showing.
"Made one just for this course because... well I guess I wanted to know what a Stanford course was like but something tells me it can't really be this easy.

What course are you taking?

Also, MY LEGS BURN AHHHH

And does anybody have good econ resources I can use? Something like junior/senior or grad level. Online classes or tests or something, I don't know."
I don't think that any special resources for the Macro/Micro sections are necessary other than a good textbook. For International/Current Events, be sure to be familiar with contemporary economists. Last year I was kicking myself after forgetting what contributions to economics Peter Diamond (MIT economics professor and 2010 Nobel Prize winner) is known for.
"But then how does one differentiate the good and bad teams?

Oh thanks. Do I need that knowledge for national semis? o.O In fact, can you please enlighten me on national semis

Must. Memorize. Every. Nobel. Winner. Ever.

And. Every. Country's. Currency."
"You can still differentiate between good and bad teams because the good teams will have a more thorough knowledge of the textbook. I don't think that using more advanced resources is necessary or even helpful because everything (at least on the Macro/Micro sections) can be found in a regular AP-level textbook. Also, last year, the national semifinal was arguably too easy and therefore didn't differentiate as well as it probably should have.

Yeah, there was a question or two about contemporary economists on the International/Current Events section of the national semifinal. The Macro/Micro sections were relatively easy (as I mentioned, just content that could be found by a close reading of an AP-level textbook) and the International/Current Events section was pretty esoteric. I don't think it's worth your time to do straight-up memorization of all the Nobel Winners. I would probably go for breadth instead of trying to know everything about one possible question area (ideally though, of course, you would know everything about every possible question area)."
"Oh... so the grad level books I have are useless? No Solow growth?

Also, the national semifinal is divided up? I know that the state qualifier was just one long test that we took individually; does the national semifinal actually have sections? (as well as a section we can work on together? - International/Current)"
"Hmm, I don't know what the class is like but the statement
thehydrogenpoptart wrote:
it's only the first week and there's not much to do
suggests that it's easier than actual Stanford classes. With a ten-week quarter system, it isn't a week of going over the syllabus so much as it is a half hour of going over the syllabus. It's the end of week 1 and I definitely have psets and stuff already."
Oh, we did have a pset (at least in my case). Finished it. Professor is Matthew Jackson? Said the class is intended for grad or advanced under, but idk if that would be Stanford grad or advanced under, or generic advanced under (which is any Stanford under...)
*shrug* If you were taking a CS or more techie class, I'd know more about it, but my knowledge of the fuzzy subjects is spotty at best.
I have my dance company showcase tomorrow!
"It was great! Altitude sickness and whatnot was annoying, but overall a great place, and much more developed than I thought it'd be.
I remember a while back you were trying to figure what to do for SciOly next year. It's great that you'll have the opportunity to compete!

And yeah, Koko, I tend to take the Coursera courses that are really easy because I'm just a lazy bum."
Tapped a maple tree in my backyard this morning. So far I've gotten 1/2 a milk jug, so I'm declaring it a good day
For a second I read "Taped", Needless to say, I was very confused.
"I don't know what topics will come up this year. I'm just reflecting on my own experiences because I don't think I've ever seen a conceptual problem that can't be answered through a close reading of the AP textbook I used. My AP textbook was the only resource I ever used. I suppose more advanced stuff could come up though.

The national semifinal is three individual rounds that are separate (Macro, Micro, and International/Current Events). Then there is a fourth round that can be done as a team and includes questions from all three topic areas. I would suggest that you read Section B of the official rules for further clarification: http://www.councilforeconed.org/wp/wp-c ... bility.pdf

Also, in response to Kokonilly's comment, I don't think that Economics is fuzzy. It is actually quite quantitative. Applied math, in essence."
My favorite pie is apple pie
My favorite pie is pi.
Have fun! What type of dance? I'm mainly a ballerina, but I do other types too.
"A handbook on carrying a team to states:
1. Do at least 8 events. 10 is preferable.
2. Medal lots.
3. ????
4. Profit!!
Luo wrote:
I don't know what topics will come up this year. I'm just reflecting on my own experiences because I don't think I've ever seen a conceptual problem that can't be answered through a close reading of the AP textbook I used. My AP textbook was the only resource I ever used. I suppose more advanced stuff could come up though.

The national semifinal is three individual rounds that are separate (Macro, Micro, and International/Current Events). Then there is a fourth round that can be done as a team and includes questions from all three topic areas. I would suggest that you read Section B of the official rules for further clarification: http://www.councilforeconed.org/wp/wp-c ... bility.pdf

Also, in response to Kokonilly's comment, I don't think that Economics is fuzzy. It is actually quite quantitative. Applied math, in essence.
Omg thanks. Whoa. I didn't even realize the rules were online... Also only 4 teams make it fml.

And yeah, the class I'm taking is basically applied graph theory. Maybe that's why I'm finding it relatively easy; I don't think Stanford is going to be that easy."
Essentially, this. A little teammate encouragement also works, as well as being a leader without being overbearing. Finally, attending invitationals is very effective.
*Make sure that they are not building events.
**Make sure that if they are building events, that you're a magical unicorn with superpowers of reliability and time management.
Some ballet, though I don't have any ballet pieces myself. It's more contemporary/lyrical with some jazz and ballet.
Pierce the Veil is so amazing. I can't believe I haven't heard of them earlier.
Yeah, that's a bummer. Up through 2011, six teams got to qualify. Last year, Mounds View got 5th in the national semifinal, missing the national finals by one place, which was especially frustrating because 5th place would have made it in 2011.
"xD Thanks, guys, but they already do have a team, and their feeder school had a very decent standing at regionals. We'll see. I'm planning on doing at least 5 events. They usually leave out a lot of the building events, though. Their region is small, too (Columbia leads almost every year). They left out six events, including two study events. I want to be able to work as a team player (besides, I'm going to be a freshman!). I am pretty confident, though. The coach seems very dedicated, and I think I'm going to have fun!

tl;dr: I'm not going to carry the team completely. I'll be the support, though, because this was their first year and they didn't really know what to expect."
"When there are only 6 timeblocks, it is impossible to do that many without them being build. Furthermore, since builds are so often dropped by less competitive teams, it may be in your best interests to do all or nearly all of them.
EASTstroudsburg13 wrote:
Essentially, this. A little teammate encouragement also works, as well as being a leader without being overbearing. Finally, attending invitationals is very effective.
Or you can be overbearing. Worked for me. Probably doesn't work as a freshman though."
"You have no idea how bad I am at building. BIG NO-NO.

Being overbearing is BUTTERFLY annoying, and since I hate when other people are like that, I'm morally obligated not to be like that."
I'm laughing hysterically because it's late at night, and I'm strangely hyper. For some reason, this strikes me as seriously funny.
Not excessively overbearing. You want to have a presence, sure, but when it becomes overbearing, you're becoming a detriment to your team.
Oh, I see. Yeah, probably not. I dunno. Maybe you're much more talented / better at time management than I am.
"Thanks.
I think I just want to act as a foundation for support for the team. After all, I'm only going to be a freshman. The one thing I won't be able to tolerate is some juniors and seniors acting all high and mighty around me. >.> They didn't even do Forensics at regionals, and I'm taking on Crime Busters for states. I really don't want to come on as cocky or arrogant to y'all or the high school crowd at my future school, but I might be a better competitor than most of those kids now. Last year was the first time Ithaca did a Science Olympiad. I've been doing it for two years now, and I'm going to states. I think the coach already knows that I'm hard-working and dedicated, and I'm just hoping she'll let me take on that many events (5-8)."
STATES IS GETTING CLOSER
THERMO PEOPLE SHOULD GET A KICK OUT OF THIS ;) (CLICK TO SHOW HIDDEN TEXT)
"I think the Division C transition should be easy. I mean, I'll be a sophomore, and would have worked with most everyone on the team before, and most everyone would have had experience (though I'm not really expecting states or anything ). I'm not overbearing....but I do sort of have that ""try harder"" or ""manager"" attitude, since I've generally been one of the older/more active members on all my teams. So I think there's only one person I know I'd need to get straightened out, cause I've worked with them on non-scioly competitions this year...and they didn't really put in any effort. And they're joining scioly next year for the first time.But I've already started explaining the whole process to them.

On a semi-related subject, how do y'all feel about dead weight?"
"Be careful- the transition from B to C is generally a lot tougher than you think. Especially for a freshman in B, it can be easy to build up momentum by taking advantage of a B division field that is younger than you are, but when you move up to C you will definitely need some time to adjust. It's generally a lot more competitive and while it is good to work with people you know and who have experience, that doesn't take away from the fact that you're starting back at the bottom of the totem pole again.

Now, you might end up being really successful anyway, but those first few tournaments could be rough, and chances are you won't find all of the success you're looking for right away. It's best not to get too confident and to stay focused on your goals.
geminicross wrote:
On a semi-related subject, how do y'all feel about dead weight?
Good, but not great Home Improvement episode. I made a thematic connection to the Secret Life of Bees in ninth grade with it. True story."
"*dies*
geminicross wrote:
I think the Division C transition should be easy. I mean, I'll be a sophomore, and would have worked with most everyone on the team before, and most everyone would have had experience (though I'm not really expecting states or anything ). I'm not overbearing....but I do sort of have that ""try harder"" or ""manager"" attitude, since I've generally been one of the older/more active members on all my teams. So I think there's only one person I know I'd need to get straightened out, cause I've worked with them on non-scioly competitions this year...and they didn't really put in any effort. And they're joining scioly next year for the first time.But I've already started explaining the whole process to them.
Well, I'm not going to know anyone there, which is going to make it kind of difficult. I have that attitude as well, and I try to radiate it in the most efficient way possible. I'm definitely more active than my whole team combined. I'm going in with a clean slate, and I'm hoping I can mark it up with good things and medals and states and glory. xP
zyzzyva98 wrote:
geminicross wrote:
I think the Division C transition should be easy.
Be careful- the transition from B to C is generally a lot tougher than you think. Especially for a freshman in B, it can be easy to build up momentum by taking advantage of a B division field that is younger than you are, but when you move up to C you will definitely need some time to adjust. It's generally a lot more competitive and while it is good to work with people you know and who have experience, that doesn't take away from the fact that you're starting back at the bottom of the totem pole again.

Now, you might end up being really successful anyway, but those first few tournaments could be rough, and chances are you won't find all of the success you're looking for right away. It's best not to get too confident and to stay focused on your goals.
Well, that's why I'm looking to take events that I'm most comfortable with (like WQ and Forensics) first. The region isn't a very competitive one; the second and third place teams that make it to states end up getting about 20th-30th out of 45 or so. I like competition, but I don't know the people and they only have a little experience.

That's why I'm going to try to get my team to invitationals. I'm not going to look for immediate success; just doing better. And better and better and better until we can make it to states. Maybe it won't happen when I'm a freshman, but I want it to happen sometime in my high school career. Thanks, Z!"
"I didn't mean the ""medaling"" transition from B to C. I meant more like getting into the atmosphere/groove (i.e finding my place on the team and with the more competitive/mature atmosphere). I'm also trying to do Forensics next year cause I've always done Crime Busterz. (which is why my post was more about the people on the team than the competition)

And I love Home Improvement"
Oh, I see. I hope I can get into that groove; sometimes I feel as if I'm too mature for my Div. B team, because they like to mess around and be lazy. I'm hoping that the Ithaca team will be competitive and hard-working. Forensics seems a lot like Crime Busters with a small step up.
"Yeah, I know what you mean.
I mean I know I'm going to be near the bottom of the totem pole medal-wise (cause even though I'll be a soph, I wont have Div C-level experience). But I'll be used to working with the same core group of people, so I'm not completely unknown/lost.

I hope you have fun at Ithaca, even though it'll be a new environment almost altogether.."
Hehe no, but I did get to see a couple of my former classmates who are there. Caltech is very pretty! But very small... still haven't made my decision.
Depression comes from getting a 76% on an APUSH test....
"Oh no! *hugs* I'm sure you'll do better next time!
Part of the reason I'm participating in the History Bowl is so I can prepare for APUSH and APWH in high school..."
I don't even know how I failed Heredity so bad....... -cries-
I'm a great hula-hooper. I win at all my meets!
I think I am finally starting to get use to this messed up Colorado weather.
Something has been revived from the dead... at least partially...
:O
By something, I mean the image gallery.
I was going to say that but I didn't want to sound stupid because I don't really look at it often because I'm not in any building events but I thought it might have gone down with the crash and I wasn't sure.
"Wrote states lineups today... not alone, for the first time in three years; was teaching next year's captain. It may be about time to change my title to grad pretty soon

And on that note, somebody remind me to dump my one-test-for-every-event on the wiki, as well as notes and such things, since I now have no qualms about helping the competition. Not until after Econ Challenge next week though.

Five minute break is over. Time to return to Mankiw and Krugman. Only 22 chapters and like 50something modules left.

(On a sidenote, scholarships hate me. And I hate them)"
">.<
I procrastinated badly.
Not wise, Casey."
Awkward...NOT!
siciscio, your sig is amazing.
"Ha. It's definitely too late to get a posterboard proclaiming ""FREE HUGS"".
Maybe I'll do it street-vendor style."
Haha, Case, I love you! Can't wait to see you!
"It's going to be fun.
""FREE HUGS! GET YOUR HUGS HERE!""
I can't wait either."
Me neither!!! :D:DD
Ahh, Hydro! Will you give free hugs with me?
Of course! XD
I would, although I think I'm a little shyer...
"Please. You're going to open up; don't you worry.

Well. *sigh* Sleep time. I'm excited and nervous. Good night everyone! May the odds be ever in your favor!"
"what winneratlife actually wrote:
I hate free money"
"Lol. Chikin

Also good luck NY div B people"
Actually I hate getting rejected when I apply for free money
This brings up an interesting debate. Which is worse, being rejected when you apply to college or being rejected when you apply for free money? Then again, if you're not being accepted to colleges, chances are you're also not getting a ton of scholarships. Just offering some perspective here.
Uhh, definitely being rejected when you apply to college, without a doubt.
This. This means that they don't even want your money.
Chick-fil-a is amazing.
I'm at Syracuse!!!!
"I prefer Zaxby's to Chick Fil A, but there's more of the latter.
Chick Fil A does sell breakfast (chicken biscuits) at my school though."
Chick Fil A is awesome.
I'm vegetarian, so I'll settle this right now. Mediterranean Oasis beats both. FALAFEL♥
"My play is going so well.
My friend made a really good trailer for it, and it's front page news. It's odd seeing my friends in costume on the newspaper, I love it!
Also, I'm really hoping to do Willy Wonka next year in community theatre."
The play starts tonight. I'm kinda sorta nervous because the older lady that I work with backstage never gets this one part of our crew-paper-house-dance-thing and I depend on her to do it so I can start my part in it that initiates everyone else parts. Other than that, I think it will be okie dokie.
Good Luck Charlie special featuring the Muppets!!! OHMYGOSH!!!
Just came from a track meet! Did the 400 meter dash and got my personal record!!!!
I had states on Saturday morning, and we did pretty well
I introduced my Keep the Heat partner to Swedish death metal yesterday.
States was so fun! I'm so looking forward to Div. C next year. I updated my signature to "show off".
"Div. C here we come
(I'm just hoping to be put on Forensics)"
xD Ha, me too! I mostly want Forensics, Water Quality, and Entomology.
I just got terribly sunburned yesterday. And now I'm back in MN with snow around and freezing to death. Winter needs to leave. NOW
Fireflight. Is awesome. My gosh, without realizing it, I've been hooked to this one genre of music. Recently, I found out that they're ALL christian rock. I couldn't tell. I'm not even religious. And there are all those stereotypes... >.> *facepalm*
"I went to my friend's birthday party yesterday. So, stuff that happened:
-I failed at bowling
-I got second in one Pacman battle royale, and won another
-PARTY SNAIL (an acquaintance made a snail out of a party hat and a party horn (what are those even called?))
-The same person's holographic meatloaf lunch
-Air hockey/Risk games
-Party snail guy almost took my sweatshirt (mine is black; his is scarlet... how did he confuse them?)
-I peeled back my toenail on a trampoline
-Battle royale with tree branches (no one appreciated the fact that my strategy was steal everyone's weapons...)

And for LA, we have to act out A Midsummer Night's Dream, and I have to marry one of the most annoying people in the class for it (I also learned he is really bad at reading lines during first act practice... XD)."
"Currently drowning in forms and random paperwork...yay for marching band + AP tests + summer stuff + school orchestra?

In other news holycrapthere'slessthantwoweeksuntilStates O.o"
There's this odd pain under my nose, as if I bumped into something really hard. >.>
Life goal: To throw myself to the ground- and miss.
What happened?
No idea. That's what's odd. .-.
Hm, feel better!
Thanks. .-. It's not that bad, but it still hurts if I move my... Face, or whatever.

I see you've made it to Life, the Universe, and Everything. (It only gets weirder from there.)
Hope all the people at the Boston Marathon bombing is okay
^ This... D:
"Yeah, it's really sad. Hope there aren't any more casualties

----
Are any of you by chance on Debate Team? Cause I'm joining sophomore year."
JSA?
I really wonder what happened.
National Forensics League (I think)
Yeah, I'm on the debate team. It's pretty fun and it's a great way to meet people who may not be like yourself (science oriented) but it's really time consuming and a lot of weekends have major conflicts. PM me if you have questions.
I do debate at a class. We use the public forum topics.
I'm suffering from post-Scioly depression. It's a terrible, terrible disease.
"haha, yes xD

I just got my results from states, along with my two 5th place medals I got 6th place in my other two events >.> So borderline.... at least it's not all 6th place though xD"
We're having our final "end of Sci Oly" party tomorrow... I'm going to miss everyone
I have no time at all for this. So, I am studying for Science O non-stop from here on out.
"It's called fame. People wanna be recognised for something, and they'll do the stupidest things.

BUT SERIOUSLY! KILLING PEOPLE! PEOPLE WILL HATE YOU IF YOU DO THAT!"
Are you assuming that this was just a show for fame? I think this may have been something more, where someone actually wanted to kill as many people as they possibly can. I hear the Kentucky Derby in my state may be very restricted now. (As it should be, with this new bombing)
Sorry, this is an accidental double post.
Either fame for them or for their cause.
Fame? More like infamy. >.> It takes a really sick person to murder and hurt people just for attention. I think it was purely terrorism, and it was probably an organization. I don't know how one person or organization could be targeted unless someone drops hints.
Whatever it is was stupid and wrong.
"Fame seems somewhat unlikely, considering someone (group) would have claimed responsibility for the act if they were really after attention.

This was simply a terrible and angry act done out of hate."
I don't understand why people think killing innocent people is a way to just take out your anger. I mean, I take my anger out badly sometimes, but KILLING PEOPLE WHO HAVE FRIENDS AND FAMILIES? Whoever the heck thinks it is right to take away other people's lives and cause hundreds of thousands of others pain and sadness needs to be taught a few things. I mean this just really really sucks...
Or even friendless orphans... it's wrong to kill without a really, really good reason. Some wars have legitimate causes, but terrorism does not.
The only legit war USA was in was WWII, IMO. What Hitler was doing was undoubtedly wrong.
By legit, you mean, necessary? WWII was avoidable in the beginning.
Not even the civil war?
It may behoove you to remember that the US initially declared war against Japan as no direct result of Hitler's actions in Europe. The US tried to avoid that war at all costs.
If they couldn't figure out that if the U.S. declared war on Japan, Japan's allies would surely follow her into war...
^This. Thissssss.
"+1 on that post

Some Wars have to be fought because “The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing.”

Otherwise we end up in a world run by racists and tyrants"
What if we hadn't found gunpowder?
Well, on a slight change of topic, today is the day that I get to meet Neil deGrasse Tyson.
No, not even the Civil War. Or the Revolutionary War.
"My take on the more important wars we have fought:
Revolutionary- Does not have the most defensible causes, but probably would end up happening.

War of 1812- Unnecessary, unpopular, based on failed diplomacy. Roosevelt's Cash and Carry system may have avoided war, had it been implemented at this time.

Mexican-American- Mainly for believers of Manifest Destiny. Even then, a war would not have been necessary; we negotiated over half the Oregon Country without having to go to war with Britain. Politicians at this time were hawks though.

Civil War- Constitutionally ambiguous grounds; but definitely necessary, in order to prove federalism works and would not fall apart on any one issue.

Spanish-American War- Unnecessary, a cynical ploy on American jingoism to help finance the newspaper companies

WWI- Based on the shaky Zimmerman telegram as well as the German submarine offensive. In this case the only possible choices were to stay absolutely neutral and give no aid to our allies or join the war on the allied side. If we hadn't joined, with Russia out, Germany might have won the war. Did make Wilson look like a hypocrite.

WWII- Absolutely necessary to defeat Hitler; Roosevelt did right let Hitler declare war on him, and then initiating the Europe First Strategy

Korea- Ehhhh, not really. American troops probably would have prevented the North Koreans from invading, but getting rid of Syngman Rhee and replacing him with a popular leader would have helped avoid war. I'm not really sure on this one

Vietnam- Unnecessary, Vietnam was a hopeless case."
"I agree for the most part, except I believe that the Revolutionary war was completely necessarry.
If the ancient Chinese had never developed gunpowder..... what kind of world would we be in."
"I don't think so. The Revolutionary War could have been avoided with diplomacy that was ahead of its time... However, that never came, and we just happened to have George Washington, who is one of our best (if not the best) generals in American history.
We'd live in a much better world.

EDIT: Gosh, I'm so bored. I think I'm going to grammar-edit the wiki."
"Because Slavery Was Working Out Just Fine For America?
That's nice...."
"You really don't have to have to be so snooty. It makes you sound like an arrogant jerk, and I'm confident that you aren't like that.

No; I think the Civil War was somewhat necessary. Compromise wasn't working, like, at all. Slavery is pretty much a yes/no issue. PCP put it nicely; it was in order to prove that federalism worked. It ultimately prevailed."
"First of all, I disagree with slavery. Very much. Second of all, the North was being really mean to the South. I do believe slavery is very, VERY wrong, but I feel the North was showing off a bit.

In other news, Five Americans went well today."
And... I'm confused. Showing off? I really don't think the North was showing off. William Tecumseh Sherman was executing his policy of total war on Atlanta and Grant laid siege on Vicksburg, but those are war tactics, not "showing off". Mean to the South? The Southerners were being "mean" to their slaves. Men are being "mean" to their wives every day. Children are being "mean" to other kids in school. That's a dead word. Sure; slavery is absolutely wrong and unjustifiable. However... War was necessary, and by no means were the Union troops "showing off" or "being mean".
"I'm very sorry if I came off that way. I wasnt trying to be snooty, I was just personally a bit ""enraged/put off"" when it was said that the Civil War wasn't justified, cause if it wasn't for the war, I'd hate to know what labors I'd have to endure today (but I'm not getting into race or anything )

But I personally feel that it is very shortsided to not recognize what the world would be like if these ""good guys"" did not put an end to slavery (though I know that wasn't the initial issue of the war), the holocaust, or any other despicable event"
"Oh, it's okay. I get like that sometimes, so I understand. xD

The whole point of this discussion is to elaborate on the idea that the violence wasn't necessary, and those people could have been stopped diplomatically."
"You guys have an interestingly nerdy discussion here, so I'm hopping in one more time.

I'm going to guess that I can reduce what Cedavis has said down to the following thought. No war is acceptable because organized killing of people is wrong. That's generally what pacifists will say, and I actually agree with the general concept. Nothing screams diplomatic failure like multifront wars. In other words, ideally, we'd have a world free of war because there's no way any reasonable person can support what is effectively signing off your own people to partake in a bloodbath.

The issue gets complicated once we get to the following:

If the country were to turn a blind eye on or turn the other cheek on a person or event (depending on the situation), the above quote would be the world we live in. It is a larger variety of the self defense issue. If you do not defend yourself, you lose, writing a blank check to the other party, the one doing the aggression, to do anything to you. This has serious consequences on international levels.

It's a nice sentiment to not be in support of conflicts, but wars happened to create more favorable outcomes for us, and I'd be as bold to say the 'good guys' won most of the time. It goes without saying those who paid with their lives to end these wars would be disgusted with us for deeming their sacrifices unnecessary."
"I get so annoyed when people say stuff like ""Hitler wasn't that bad."" I'm half-Jewish, and I had relatives who died in the Holocaust.

Anyway, States in three days - SO NERVOUS!!!!"
You should be, heheheheh. Nah, you'll prob do great...Top 5?
"Yeah, but the reason the Civil War had to happen, is cause none of the earlier compromises worked. You had a slave-driven, agrarian economy of the south....as well as the industrialized North. Neither sides could agree with each other, and though it would have been ""possible"" (ish) to just let the south leave, it was uncostitutional (but don't quote me on that). And many benefits came out of the war.

Being in the ""Deep South"" The Civil War is tought very thuroughly, and here is my take on Sherman's Campaign:
Atlanta was the Empire of the South, it was essentially the Confederate's Jewel. Destroying Atlanta-Savannah was essentially Sherman's way of ""finishing things"" so that the Backbone of the Confederacy would collapse.

(Uhhh..Exams approaching )


(lol, and I realize how incoherent this speech sounds but I'm on iPod)"
Don't be nervous. States is all about having fun.
We are currently spazzing out about Helicopters. Our Helicopters are getting help from someone on JV. (Yes, my R&M partner is doing Helicopters)
What's your current flight time (if you have one ready)? What are you expecting to get?
I don't know; I don't do Helicopters. But at regs, they came in eighth out of 14, because of DQs and no-shows (their rubberband broke.)
"Agreed. The Holocaust was horrible. IDK if any of you have read Night, by Elie Wiesel, but it almost made me cry the things that were don to everyone. I almost cry every time I read the ""Never Shall I Forget"" poem.

EDIT: I personally see the Civil War not as a war over slavery, but as a war of the South wanting to be its own country vs. the North wanting unification. Thought I should clarify that."
"No one can argue that Hitler didn't do bad things. I don't know if Hitler was a bad person, or if he was just insane. Probably both, who knows? Human nature tends toward darkness, and that's just how it is. When people act on it... That's what tears civilizations apart.

I did read that book. The story of the Polish violinist, Juliek, who was in Buna and Buchenwald (I think) with Elie, had a story that stood out to me, and I cry thinking about it. He died, and for what? Nothing good came out of the Holocaust."
"There aren't any bad or good people, in my opinion. There are only good and bad actions. And no one does evil to be evil. Even the worst of actions had justification in the eyes of the one who did it. Is it still right? No! But some people either lack the common sense or were taught that what they did is right. This is why I think no one deserves to be treated badly. The Holocaust was awful. Purely awful. Hitler decieved an entire continent, and for what? Just so a group of people who he didn't like could die?

It hurts to think about it.

The only good thing that comes from mistreatment is the greater desire to stop mistreatment."
"Your definition of the Civil War is correct. (If my memory of history class serves me well)
Lincoln gave the South an ultimatum, that if they didn't cease the war effort, he'd end slavery....They did not follow Lincoln's threat, and so Lincoln added slavery to the list of issues surrounding the civil war.

So I would still argue that good things came out of that war"
"No one is a villan in their own mind. People who do bad things often justify their own actions to themselves. That's why I don't feel like it matters how you feel about yourself. It's all about how other people see you...

I know that's messed up logic, but I'm too messed up myself to come up with something rational."
"It's only messed up cause society is messed up
Cause people often can see you incorrectly"
"Oh yeah, not saying that good things don't come out of war, I just think that some wars needed to be fought.

EDIT: Think of this: How different would history be if Hitler was accepted into that art school?"
People always blame things on society. But remember, WE ARE THE SOCIETY. There really isn't anyone to blame except ourselves.
This conversation is remniscient of something I'd have in my 1st hour.
Maybe I should rephrase. I thought society & "We the collective" were the same thing
"This is completely off topic, but:
You know your life is awesome when you and your friend can hold a serious conversation despite the fact that you two are dressed ridiculously."
How ridiculously?
Me dressed as a clown, my friend dressed as a nun, and my other friend in drag. It's for the school play, that's why we're dressed that way.
"AN ABBREVIATED HISTORY OF AMERICAN WARS

When America was just a colony under the rule of the English, they decided that it was pretty uncool to be taxed by a government that (A) Doesn't allow you to have a say (lols Washington DC) and (B) Pretty much doesn't care about you at all for (C) a war you didn't even want to fight. So America decided to became its own independent nation, which went pretty well for about no time at all, since England suddenly cared about America again. America would've been cool with just chillin' without a war, but England decided they had to win us back, so we fought with them and won. Yay America! Then, a few years later, England decided they still got a kick from trying to mess with us, so we fought them again and they burned down the White House but then we won and Andrew Jackson kept fighting the war anyway.

Everything went ok for awhile, during a period known to students who have taken AP US History as ""That part you slept through because it was really boring."" Then we decided to annex Texas (which most Americans now recognize as a TERRIBLE MISTAKE) and Mexico was having none of that, so for reasons unbeknownst to us we fought to keep Texas, although let's be honest- we'd be much better off without them.

Then comes the Civil War, because the South decided they wanted to keep their enslaved human beings since they probably wouldn't be able to function at all without them. (Some of you will defend the Southerners and I will ignore you). Texas decides they want out again (Why did we even fight over you, Texas?) and it and a whole bunch of other states decide to leave. The North, in an ironic move given what happened not even a hundred years prior, is having none of that, so Abraham Lincoln goes all ""I'm going to save the unity of the nation"" on the Confederates, who lose. Robert E. Lee realizes he needs to take better care of his battle plans, and Abraham Lincoln is lucky enough to go down in history as a great president and gets his own dollar bill because he gets assassinated in a theater before he has to deal with the reconstruction of the nation. Andrew Johnson gets totally screwed, but at least he's not Buchanan.

Shortly thereafter comes the Spanish-American war, which literally no one cares about.

The World Wars soon follow, and Woodrow Wilson says he going to keep us out of the war (he doesn't), the Lusitania sinks, Russia revolves, and a guy named Adolf gets injured and winds up in a hospital only to watch his side get totally embarrassed in the end, because America and stuff. Adolf writes a book, gets a bunch of followers together and becomes the leader of Germany. America doesn't care, because this time we're really staying out of the war (we don't). We go to war with Japan after Pearl Harbor, which means we're suddenly enemies of a few nations and allies of quite a few more. The U.S. goes all nuclear on Japan, ending WWII but leading us into a really weird period where the government is too timid to declare war on anyone but still wants to mess around in everyone's business. Also we fight a war that isn't a war. And that's pretty much it until the time when you were born, and I guess you can take it from there."
I love you.
"If only, if only that Adolf guy had been admitted to that art school in Vienna in 1908, we may never have seen the Holocaust or World War II.

Those admissions officers hold power beyond compare."
And don't forget that World War I began because of a sandwich.
I JUST THOUGHT I'D SHARE (CLICK TO SHOW HIDDEN TEXT)
Not sure how many of you follow xkcd or Randall Munroe's physics blog, What If?, but in light of the tragedy in Boston, I think it's a pretty scary coincidence that this was posted less than a week before the bombings: http://what-if.xkcd.com/40/
"Gosh, I was thinking of the same thing! Except, the Boston bombs had, thankfully, no O2F2. That would've been bad bad bad.

@ the wars: ALL of them were necessary for the present to exist. Alternate scenarios are another can of worms; by changing one event everything else goes. You may not be even born. Suppose Hitler did go to art school and WW2 never happened: [xpost some guy from xkcd fourms]
Following the Great War (WWI), the United States enjoys a period of great power and economic influence. However, the Great Depression strikes and brings the US to its knees as well as the rest of Europe. Germany suffers from hyperinflation and without a major war to kick start military demands. The United States is unable to rapidly improve its economic condition.
Meanwhile, back in the 1930s the Empire of Japan has invaded China and in a devastating war, leads to the death of millions of Chinese. Shortly after, the Empire of Japan attacks the USSR for the 2nd time in order to prove to the west its strength as an imperialist country. The Soviet-Japanese war is mostly a stalemate with Japan unable to engage effectively in a land war and the Soviets unable to compete with Japanese air and naval superiority. The Soviets lose millions of lives without losing much territory.
By the late 1950s, the war between Japan and the USSR has ended and the world is mostly at peace. Many European countries, Japan and USA continue to colonize Latin America, Africa and Southeast Asia. While the US is heavily independent of the world politically, it becomes the manufacturing powerhouse of the west. Japan converts its military factories towards manufacturing and uses mainland China to rival that of the US. This leads to increased economical tension as the US and Japan competes. Most of Europe reverts to mercantilism.
With the advances in ships, and trains the world meanwhile has become more closely tied through a global economy thus minimizing and future major wars. Trains, more than cars or airplanes are the primary form of continental travel as a interstate highway system and passenger airplanes do not develop. The United States doesn't join the League of Nations until the 1970s. The strongest countries around the world are the Empire of Japan, the USSR, the United States, the British Empire. Eventually, the League of Nations adapt to a more powerful organization regulating international law, and economic development. Other branches such as a WHO (World Health Organization) have emerged to combat world sickness but is ineffective until the LoN gains the ability to enforce its decisions.
Technology only advances as quickly as the international market allows for and modern computers aren't developed until the 1990s. While space program eventually develops in Europe, without the backing of large government and military funds, it sends out satellites to space and probes onto the moon.

The advantages of this alternate timeline:
WWII doesn't happen, directly saving millions of lives.
The Holocaust doesn't occur.
Nuclear weapons aren't developed via the Manhattan project or used in war.
The Cold War doesn't occur as there aren't struggling European nations becoming Communist.
USSR isn't devastated by WWII the attempt to keep up economically in the Cold War.
As such, it doesn't undergo Stalin's 5 year plan that killed millions.
The Middle East isn't upset by the US's interference during the Cold War.
There isn't a nuclear arms race.
There is no Vietnam War, Korean War, McCarthyism or other Cold war events
The Gulf War, 9/11, Terrorism, The war against Iraq/Afghanistan don't occur.
The west is more open-minded towards socialism and communism ideals.
Colonized countries in Africa are probably more stable than they are now.
Better standards of living in ""2nd world"" countries.

The disadvantages of this alternate timeline:
The Soviet-Japanese war results in several million deaths in China and the USSR
The world doesn't undergo decolonization after WWII.
The economic depression in the US and Europe last longer and are worse.
The League of Nations takes longer to become as ""powerful"" as the UN.
Without a effective international health organization, polio and smallpox take longer to be eradicated.
Medicinal research in general advances more slowly.
Without women taking up manufacturing during WWII, women rights don't advance as quickly.
Without a Cold War backing military research, technological advancement is slower.
The space race doesn't happen. Aeronautics and space research is takes much longer.
Colonization lasts much longer indicating prevalent racism in western cultures.
Countries such as Brazil are unable to experience significant growth due to colonization.
Technological advances take longer without the push of WWII and the Cold Wars

Some other ""neutral"" changes:
Japan is a world power, China is not.
The USSR stays as the USSR as it doesn't compete with the USA leading to its economic collapse.
Trains are probably more prevalent in the US. Modern commercial airlines don't get invented soon enough and the Interstate highway system isn't created right after WWII.
The UN is now the League of Nations.
There isn't a large immigration of scientists to avoid WWII. Einstein, Bohr and many others stay in Germany.
The large amount of manufacturing may lead to faster climate change.
The US is no longer the most powerful nation, possibly third to Japan and the USSR.
Nazis, Commies, and Terrorists are no longer the stereotypical bad guys in video game/comics/movies
Roosevelt doesn't get elected for a third term."
Great job, robotman. Casey, did you even notice?
So tired, and so much studying to be done, as well as NHS induction tonight. It's going to be awesome
@EFO: That goes deep, but there's so much more. If he did get accepted into that school, what would he experience? We assume not much, which would likely be true, but one must wonder: would he be treated horribly, fairly, or better than others? Would he befriend a Jew? Would he still join the war, and if so, would he react similarly to the way the war turned out? Would the war even turn out the same way? There's so many questions we cannot answer, but it astounds me thinking about it.
"If you guys are interested in how certain events would have influenced history, let me suggest the board game ""Chrononauts"" to you- it's by Looney Labs (the same people who created Fluxx, if you've played that) I was just playing it again today, and it's a much better time than Monopoly.

Check it out here"
Gahh. Those moments when your teachers start assigning a ton of homework towards the end of the school year. >_<
Now that's just stupid. >.> I didn't even think there was anything wrong with that.
So I guess I'm doing Remote Sensing at Nats now... These next 3 weeks will be very interesting...
"What happened tonight in Boston was absolutely insane, and the response from Twitter and Reddit was incredible. Today might be a turning point in terms of using social media to follow an important event.

Here is the basic summary of the events

It's really frightening stuff, but hopefully the police are able to control all involved parties. My other worry besides if the remaining suspect gets away is if the police can't respond well to other events because they're so concentrated in Watertown right now."
It is absolutely surreal here right now. I can't believe that this whole ordeal started at MIT. Frickin' MIT of all places. Jesus Christ. It's starting to sink in.
"I finally got an underling I finally got an underling! Haha I thought Austria was annoying but turns out he's actually a nice guy!
*sees Romano*
So this is why Austria gave him to me...

Oh and we were supposed to have the French field trip today (ESCARGOT), but school was cancelled."
Nikita Khrushchev instigated the establishment of a Siberian Science Olympiad.
I looooooove Building 429.
"Flooding?
Streets were closed, some ponds overflowed yesterday, and LHS seems like they will be out for at least a few days because their basement flooded. The fact that this happened hits pretty close to home and it's well, surprising.

Weather is having a hard time making up it's mind; we've had both rain and hail and snow today..."
"Scary as hell, if you ask me...I used to live in Cambridge, I've probably been to those places... Holy **** what a screwed up world we live in. It almost seems a bit cliched to say that, but scarily and unfortunately, it's incredibly true.

One of my friends is actually up in Boston right on college visits; I hope he's not being affected too badly by this stuff. :\"
Harvard Visitas (admitted student weekend) was completely canceled. All the college campuses in Boston are completely shut down, so if people are here right now for college visits, they are undoubtedly affected. :/
AP Calc review on top of PA States, on top of Envirothon, on top of PJAS States. Yeah, Science and math inception is happening in my planning schedule.
"Guess what my avatar is!

(No fair using Google!)"
"D: This is super scary! I can't even imagine what would happen if that occurred here on the other end of the country. I'd be terrified. I'm glad everyone I know in Boston right now is okay.

This is also somewhat amusing yet horribly accurate. I believe it was even posted before the incidents in Cambridge last night."
I was told postponed indefinitely o.O
http://www.thecrimson.com/article/2013/ ... n-bombing/ disagrees. Also, postponed indefinitely? I find that wording funny - as if in September they'd be like "Okay, guys, Admit Weekend now! Do you want to come to Harvard???"
"Nope, it was canceled completely. The email: ""VISITAS IS CANCELED - In light of the continuing law enforcement activity in nearby communities, as well as the ongoing travel ban in and around Boston and Cambridge, Harvard College's weekend visiting program for recently admitted students, Visitas, has regrettably been canceled.""

But now that they caught they guy, the people who are already here might have some sort of pseudo-Visitas activity tomorrow through Monday, just some informal meet-ups and exploration of Harvard or something."
I love Building 429 too! My favorite songs are The Space in Between Us and Glory Defined!
Have any of you read "The Lady or The Tiger"? If so, who do you think came out at the end? I think it was the lady, but when the door was opened, she was dead, murdered by the princess.
NBA playoffs begin in 13 minutes!
Wow, I can't believe that.... Did the Jazz manage to get in this year?
"Nope, Jazz were ninth seed in the West. If they had won their last game, and the Lakers lost their last game, the Jazz would have been eighth seed.
Knicks beat the Celtics in Game 1! Hopefully they'll go on to win their first playoff series in--what is it, 13 years?"
"I lost The Game.


I felt like being evil."
I never thought I'd ever say that I love Christian rock.
Christian rock is awesome! Which bands/singers do you like? I like Hillsong and Matt Redman
"Never heard of them.
I know (now) Disciple, Pillar, Fireflight, Jeremy Camp, Flyleaf, Thousand Foot Krutch, Decyfer Down, Red, uh... A couple more on Pandora."
Flyleaf is considered Christian?
My the mainstream public, yeah. However, they classify themselves as a rock band whose members happen to be Christian. Lead singer Lacey Sturm said something like "If a plumber's a Christian, would he be called a Christian Plumber?" when asked how it felt to be a Christian rock band member. *shrug*
"Matt redman, anything from passion, audio adrenaline, Brandon Heath, Matt mahr, Matthew west, casting crowns, kristan stanfill, Toby Mac, hillsong, Chris August, plumb, switchfoot, building 429, (checks ipod) for king and country, Jason gray, fee, the city harmonic, josh Wilson, Leland, luminary, mercy me, newsboys, phil wickham, Steven Curtis chapman, and tenth avenue north. Most of those I only own a couple of songs or maybe an album from... But I've got a ton of hillsong, switchfoot, and passion albums. Recently I've had Zion on shuffle all the time and no, I couldn't pick a favorite...

Needless to say you guys have found my kind of music"
Oh, I know Casting Corwns. They're pretty good
Just to add to the list: starfield and David crowder band are some of my favorite bands! I really like CCM, didn't know a lot of scioly people liked It too!
If you guys have never participated in a puzzle hunt, DO ONE AS SOON AS YOU CAN. They are the most fun things ever and today was an excellent day!
I don't know any of those bands except Switchfoot. .-. Are they anything like Red? You should listen to a couple of their songs.
Puzzle hunt?
"Hm.
I guess I have the largest post per day rate of anyone on here.
That's interesting, I guess."
Not really... Switchfoot's probably the most 'alternative' of the groups I listed, if I remember red's similar to them? So they're more mellow than red...
Oh, okay. So our tastes are very different. I like screamo. Pierce the Veil, Avenged Sevenfold... That whole crowd. Even Flyleaf can be considered screamo in certain contexts.
How do you know?
Yeah!
Well, I'm the only user who has over 350 posts that even joined in 2012... And late 2012 at that. .-.
See here. MIT has a similar one, called the Mystery Hunt.
Hehe, I used to have the highest post per day rate... it got a little old after a bit haha. Also, the summer brings it down a lot.
Sounds like fun!
Ha, it probably will! Until we get those new threads for my DIv. C events.
Science Olympiad is in the White House!
Casting crowns is amazing.. I've seen them in concert twice! I also just went to the Chris tomlin concert a couple days ago. Besides them I really listen to any type of Christian/alternative music.
Eh. They're too "pop" for me, also too... Religious. I don't know; listening to music like this makes me feel uncomfortable (I'm listening to it right now).
"I had a dream that my friends (and possibly myself) were ghosts haunting a cruise ship, and that they could revert to human form, but they were doomed to stay on the ship. It was cool. It would make for an interesting book.

Also, Five Americans is over...
You know those emotions that are really deeply happy with a hint of sadness? I'm having one right now."
I has new signature
I can't see the image...
"what
no..............................................................!"
"They work for me.
I had to drag the images into a new tab to see them, though. Then, it was fine. They show up now. It's cute."

Hi. Just wanted to say hi.
"Does this work? Nevermind... I'll try some more.

I just filled in an excel sheet and forgot to save."
"Image


not sure if you guys can see it, but it's really funny and interesting xD"
"Really mnstr?

I'll admit you got me. I tried to drag it up to a new tab twice before I caught on..."
ughhhhhhhhhh trig. ;_;
Taking plane to meet Koko tomorrow!
Quite! Let me know when you arrive on-campus.
We get to insult people in Shakespearian language tomorrow! My life is complete!
Is it thumb biting time?
Do you bite your thumb at us, sir?!
Haha, we're reading Romeo & Juliet right now xD
If you type "I am getting married to a Swedish Viking?!" into Bad Translator (35 languages/random), you might get "Never married, no pirates Mocha," "By Weijingmok," or "Viking school, Sudan"
"Well, if you type ""What is the air speed velocity of an unladen swallow?"" into it, you get ""As the velocity of the velocity of the air that is filled of an one of him deflates?""

Yep."
"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ltun92DfnPY
Oh. My. God.
Crying over and over again."
Guise....I got a Letter
"I've seen that.

Really powerful stuff."
happy unicorns!
It is. I'd never seen anything like that.
You should see Wicked if you ever get the chance. It's really good.
FOR SPARTAAAAAA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Sometimes I just feel as though no one will ever understand me. Like, at all. >.<
I hear ya. I think that everyone feels that way.
I try my best, Case Text me!
"Thanks. But sometimes it's hard when you can't tell people things who you thought were your best friends.
Not even my mom.
silverheart7 wrote:

I try my best, Case Text me!
Ha, you know I hate texting! >.> I'll PM you."
Does anyone else hate it when someone says that they don't play The Game? I mean, it says in the rules that everyone plays The Game.
And I totally hate it when people try and tell me I'm playing 'the game' when I really don't care.
"Schni Schna Schnappi
Schnappi Schnappi Schnapp
Schni Schna Schnappi
Schnappi Schnappi Schnapp"
Die kleine Krokodil
Yo hablo español.

Je ne comprends pas.
Sie sollen Deutsch lernen. Es ist besser als Französisch.
Dans mon ėcole, plus étudiants apprennent espagnol. Tous les ėtudiants français, les étudiants allemands, et les étudiant italiens sont moins que tous les étudiants espagnols
I swear, if my brother does one more idiot thing, I will explode!
"I just turned down Harvey Mudd... wow, never thought I'd do that.

On another note, time to begin to plan to cram for AP tests!"
I like trains. . . . . . . (train crashing into me after a couple seconds)
HUZZAH! I think you shall be feeling like Annie come September.
Are you going to Stanford? (I assumed, considering Koko's response)
I think right now I'm at "thinking about beginning to plan to cram for AP tests".
Yes, I will be attending Stanford this fall! Very nervous but I'm starting to count the days until orientation.

"Did you know carrots are good for your eyesight?

You lied to me."
Wow, great job! Sounds like everybody got into Stanford except for me....... :[
"I didn't get into Stanford either... not that I wanted to go there or whatever. I'm going to Brown instead.

On a side note, I now have a t-shirt with Harvard's seal on it, with ""because not everyone can get into Brown"" written under it. It brings me great pleasure."
"Heh, I didn't apply to Stanford because I thought I had no chance whatsoever of making it in and I was working on other applications up to the last day, I don't think I could have handled another one with a supplement as long as Stanford's. (or maybe I'm just lazy)
If it makes you feel better, I was rejected from MIT. Oh well, there's always grad school, haha."
Nice avatar, naps
Ha, coming from the person going to Yale (Congrats btw). I was rejected from 2/3 of the schools I applied to . . . What's especially aggravating is that none of the science people from my school got into the places they wanted, but our rival school had 10+ people getting into each of the top tier schools (Ivies, MIT, Stanford, etc.) even with comparable student bodies.
I am still pretty astounded that I was accepted at even half the places I applied, to be honest. I was expecting my decision to be made for me by where I got in. I'm sorry about your bad luck (I am convinced it has to come down to just that for a lot of cases). At my school only a handful of us are Ivy-bound or similar, but a lot of other kids are going CMU, UChicago, Northwestern, and WashU.
">.<
One of my old friends who moved away is now in the Scripps National Spelling Bee.
She got a sponsor where she moved.
I CAN WALK THERE.
I am so incredibly jealous. I want to talk to her again, though!"
I never thought I'd say this, but I love Duck Dynasty!
"Shhhh it's okay; grand total of 3 of us. We still love you.

Teal: You will never regret that choice"
Bow ties are cool.
also this one. It just needs to be on here-
"Woah, now I know why my freind was wearing a fez! I thought it was for Aladdin.

What happens with my thespian group stays with my thespian group."
I'm so bad at being sympathetic. ;-;
I'm sorry for your difficulties.
"xP
But seriously... My brother was hurt and crying today, and I just... Froze. I didn't know what to say. I can't do it. Everyone was calling me a BUTTERFLY and it was horrible."
So this was fun today:
Finally done with state testing. I made a 49 out of 50 in my math test today, I surprised myself with that. I beat my friend in Algebra 1 by 2 points and then mocked and ridiculed her, cause that's what friends do to each other. Overall, a pretty good day. They had the people with last names starting after N test first for some reason and after lunch my friends styled my hair with hand sanitizer and lotion. It didn't stay and got all frizzy in the heat when I went to wait for my bus.
"This. Just... this.

It was almost 90 degrees yesterday, but there's a good chance of snow tomorrow."
I would describe this as a giant rainbow of weather wreaking havoc upon the midwest.
same here. It's like Mother Nature just fell into psychosis and is detached from reality.
"vdauipgej98pvjerapifiehdljiferp

Yep... I'm bored"
Watashi wa Kuroe to iimasu
我还可以说中文呢! 你看, 谁能比我力害!
"...what the heck, Kansas.
fozendog wrote:
I would describe this as a giant rainbow of weather wreaking havoc upon the midwest.
Once that colorful rainbow of temperature has passed by Kansas, would they be...somewhere over the rainbow? :P"
And I'm wearing my Wizard shirt right now...
This is beyond excellent. Well done, Alpha.
Toto... I don't think were in Kansas anymore....
.... Show off.... XD
As a Meteorology lover, I can say without a doubt that this post made my day. Thank you so much.
Blah, we had pretty nasty weather too. Yesterday was 86, now it's dropped down to the 50s O.o
Lake of the Ozarks sounds like something from a fantasy novel, lol
School dance tomorrow
Prom tomorrow
State tomorrow :O :O
Darn thats late.
It's Texas, whaddya expect?
"Yeah, we're special

The same two teams have gone to nats in the past few years so it's not too much of an issue... Though if someone else makes it..."
"Half day today
Spending it reading Hetalia fanfics and doing homework."
Prom for you today?
I'm in eighth grade! What do you think?
I meant to say prom for your school.
Our school doesn't have a technical prom. Although the Odyssey trip might count. (My teacher will give extra credit if you dance with someone of the opposite gender for that - how much depends on how well you dance. Subjective.)
"Y'all say Texas ain't real?

Wow, I haven't heard this song in a while. It's a rap song that I actually like. o_o"
I hate it when my friends fight.
"So my friends are actually doing some last-minute studying for Academic Pentathlon tomorrow, and meanwhile, I'm just stalking people on Facebook. xD

...I need to get a life."
There could be a prize for the person who uploads the most images to the gallery in the coming weeks.
Aaaaand I don't do any build events. Could I upload pics of my nasty, moldy salinometer?
AP tests start Monday... ;_;
"Proms tomorrow (well technically today) and next week... ugh.

Also fun sidenote I was graciously reminded by foreverphysics to upload my tests and I got through like 4 before I got occupied with other things and I was really busy today (senior skip day = wake up at 1:30) and I'll get to it... eventually. Before nats, I promise."
MY THOUGHTS ABOUT MY AP TESTS: (CLICK TO SHOW HIDDEN TEXT)
I plan to take AP tests... How bad are they?
"Pretty darn bad (unless you're taking the Environmental Science test, that one is a joke).
Well okay, if you have a good teacher/actually try in the related class, you'll probably end up doing fine on the test. You don't have to ace the test to get a 5 (case in point: the cutoff for a 5 on the Physics C E&M test is something like a 65%), and a lot of colleges give credits for 4s and 5s (less for 3s). Mostly it's just stressful in the week leading up them when you keep thinking ""oh god I don't know anything I'm going to fail why am I doing this it'll be a disaster"" XD"
"I'd say that pretty much covers it, except I honestly do know nothing about chem and French. I think I'm aiming for a 2 on the latter... I thought I was good at understanding spoken French, and then I did a practice listening test.

Yep."
The worst part about APs, I think, is definitely the essay density of the writing-oriented tests. The standard is about 3 full-length essays in 2 hours without a pause. After you already spent an hour or so on multiple choice. For this reason I am dreading APUSH and AP lang Comp. Chem, on the other hand, doesn't worry me too much.
"I think I'm going to have fun with AP classes next year.
However, there's something that I'm still confused about. As far as I know, the kids in Ithaca don't take Regents in grade 8 (like I am right now). I'm taking two 9th grade Regents classes now, in 8th grade. Next year in Ithaca, will I have to retake those classes even though I already took the tests? That would be a big drag. I really want to take advantage of my advantage over the other kids by taking some other useful class, maybe a tenth grade class, or another Regents class. I'm not exactly sure how high school works though; we don't get to choose our classes, do we? And do I have required classes (Regents classes)? Blah, I'm probably not making sense. I just don't want to take Integrated Algebra and Living Environment next year. >.> They're so boring and incredibly easy."
"I definitely agree, writing three essays in two hours sucks, and Lang is going to be really, really not-fun...

Though, APUSH wasn't too bad, since it's mostly regurgitating facts on the FRQs with a little bit of actual thinking on the DBQ (though for all I know, I could've done horribly on all the essays and scraped a 5 from the MC). Euro is worse in that regard since there's so much more to remember...and I'm learning the last 100 years or so on my own because we didn't get to it in class. >.<
chia wrote:
You don't have to ace the test to get a 5 (case in point: the cutoff for a 5 on the Physics C E&M test is something like a 65%), and a lot of colleges give credits for 4s and 5s (less for 3s). Mostly it's just stressful in the week leading up them when you keep thinking ""oh god I don't know anything I'm going to fail why am I doing this it'll be a disaster"" XD
^That. So much."
"Ok.

Oh, and May the Fourth be with you all."
"Wait a minute, you're allowed to take AP classes in 9th grade? LUCKY!

Well, it's probably way different on the East Coast, since I'm from Cali, but as long as your high school recognizes that you took the class and passed the test, you should be fine. In fact, you might get high school credits too. I know that for us, if you take Algebra 1 and Geometry in middle school, you can jump straight into Alg 2/Trig in 9th grade. We even have 3 kids going into PreCalc in 9th grade. For high school, you choose your electives classes, and your teachers decide whether or not to place you into honors classes. I'm probably going into Alg 2/Trig Honors, English 1 Honors, and Bio Honors next year as a freshman. Your high school probably sent some representatives to your school already to talk about this, or they held information nights about course selection. Just make sure your high school finds out that you've taken those courses already."
"Wow, sounds exactly like my high school xD (probably because you're from CA too)

@ casey
Schools really shouldn't make you retake a course you did in Middle School, especially if you took it as a regular class during regular school hours and if the high school you're going to is in the same district. If you have questions, you should talk to a high school counselor about your classes."
"Casey:
Are you sure that all the kids don't take Regents classes in eighth grade? If that's the case, then you should probably have your parents talk to the school if taking another class would be possible. I believe that Regents classes and credits are required, but if already took them, they should make an exception for you.
Our high school lets us choose our electives but not our cores; however IDK what happens if you transfer from a different school to here.
Oh, yeah, and how are you taking AP classes next year? I'm so envious XD I have an AP Psych book and I love it so much."
"Yeah, Chem is probably going to be one my easiest exams, despite it widely considered as the hardest, mainly because I've completely ground the material to dust from doing Chem Olympiad and Science Olympiad. Physics, on the other hand... :c

I'd have to agree about the essays though. I didn't recall Lang being too bad. Many people at my school received 5s on it despite it being the teachers' first year teaching the class.
I still have to work on not spending too much time on the Euro essays. My class is currently rushing through the 20th century."
¡Feliz Cinco de Mayo!
Umm.... Cinco de Mayo isn't as major a holiday in Mexico as you might think... Wait till el dieciséis de septiembre.
Yep, Cinco de Mayo is more of an american event actually
I know. It's a Mexican culture day in the US. It commemorates a major victory in a battle between Mexico and France. It's not big in Mexico because the holiday was created in the US by Mexican-Americans who wanted to celebrate their heritage.
I found out that my grandfather died yesterday morning.
I'm sorry for your loss...
Thanks. I didn't really know him that well, but I'm still shocked.
The 1967 Cadillac Coupe De Ville convertible is the greatest car ever and my friends are the best.
Lamborghini Mercy.......
"And Highway 1 is the best road ever?

I'm jealous of your lifestyle right now. Even if it will soon be mine."
Well... you know that thing where they say "sleep, social life, and good grades - pick two"? It's a fun life, but I'm sort of just ignoring good grades and adequate sleep right now. I really need to study chem... but CS is so much more interesting D:
AP Chem test in 10 hours. Anyone else panicking excited?
I think I'm about to curl up in the fetal position... This cramming thing isn't working.
UChicago Scav Hunt coming up in a little over 3 days and an hour. Bill Nye and the Science Lies? Yes please. SO. FREAKING. EXCITED.
"The items are... interesting xD

We're going to be playing a Les Mis medley at our spring concert. squeeee"
IM SO EXCITED FOR NO REASON TODAY!!!
"OMGOMGOMGOMGOMG LES MIS
Is it the one with At the End of the Day, Master of the House, On my Own, I dreamed a dream and whatnot? Because I convinced my band teacher to do that one in class a few weeks ago XD
And a friend and I are making our own Les Mis Medley on Noteflight."
"Haha, at our puzzle hunt one of the items was Water for Elephants (I guess you could have brought an actual lake from which elephants drink, but at the time I assumed they meant the book), so I just bought it. It's on my shelf now, begging to be read. I'm hoping the impulsive buy was worth it...

We also had to find many other things, including beans and yogurt, and it turns out that the people in the dining halls here are more than willing to give you some garbanzo beans if you ask politely. One of the other items was a pot, so I was carrying around a little pot for most of the day as well."
"Are You Happy Now?

A.K.A. The most disturbing Spongebob episode ever."
"I don't know, we haven't gotten the music yet... but there's a good chance; my teacher said it was band music.
You have a noteflight!? What's your username??? Mine is mnstrviola
Kokonilly wrote:
Haha, at our puzzle hunt one of the items was Water for Elephants (I guess you could have brought an actual lake from which elephants drink, but at the time I assumed they meant the book), so I just bought it. It's on my shelf now, begging to be read. I'm hoping the impulsive buy was worth it...

We also had to find many other things, including beans and yogurt, and it turns out that the people in the dining halls here are more than willing to give you some garbanzo beans if you ask politely. One of the other items was a pot, so I was carrying around a little pot for most of the day as well.
Lol, sounds exciting! I love scavenger hunts and garbanzo beans."
"Flannel doesn't make you look like a lumberjack. It makes you look like you're wearing flannel.
WEST SIDE EVERYBODY WEST SIDE!"
My parents
^pretty much the story of my life
YUP THEY ARE FORCING ME TO BE A NERD!!! XD I ENJOY THAT LIFE THOUGH LOLOLOL
"Meh, I think we played that arrangement (At the End of the Day / I Dreamed a Dream / Master of the House / On My Own / Do You Hear the People Sing)...the rhythms are really kind of annoying, especially in some of the melodies, because what's written doesn't match up with what you're used to hearing. You'll also have to double the heck out of woodwind parts if you're playing with full symphony because the arranger apparently forgot that you can't hear 4 wind players playing melody over a 60-piece string ensemble playing rhythm.

I think our band director actually rejected the band arrangement for sucking parts-wise, but couldn't find a better arrangement, so we played the (symphony) orchestra arrangement instead..."
Lol yeah, hopefully the violas get any melody...
"We're doing that arrangement in orch...

It's horrid. For one thing, I didn't appreciate the song selection (was it REALLY necessary to omit One Day More?) Also, the horn part blows. And we can never hear our woodwinds regardless so that's not an issue..."
"HA

ha

...

there is probably something wrong with me."
Hehe, I thought it was punny too...
"Wipeout returns on Thursday!!!

EDIT:


I love this show too much..."
I'm uploading to the Image Gallery!
Yup! My username is hydrogenpoptart, and I share it with a friend, because we just started arranging stuff together. I didn't upload anything yet, because our stuff is still in progress and quite frankly, it sucks. XD
Hey Guys, remember we have a Facebook Page!
"In case people are too lazy to click on the link, the most recent post on the scioly facebook page is: ""Hey all! The prediction contest is open! http://scioly.org/predictions/
Predict who will win Nationals, for the chance of some sort of prize, depending on what I can come up with..."""
My username is mai-chan-loves-you
So tired after the AP Calc AB exam... There was an 8-year-old kid taking the BC test. He's taken a higher level of math than i have and he's half my age.
"You're allowed to do that?

I need to do some research before I make my predictions."
apparently you can....
Regarding testing/classes, you can pretty much do whatever you want whenever, provided your parents/school district are supportive enough.
"I'm currently selling a vial of the highest quality tears, produced fresh by my Lacrimal glands after the AP Calc BC test.

Here's to hoping that I pulled a 4 or 5 somewhere out of there"
That was a very long and arduous test..
I thought the Calc BC test was easy...
Different strokes for different folks, I guess. I know that I passed it and I think getting at least a 4 is very possible, but some things really threw me off. Form O's polar question was NOT pretty for me
"I didn't have much problem with that one, except for running out of time, but I discovered that I forgot how to differentiate or integrate in the Multiple Choice without calculator part.
In other news, AP Chem FRQs have been released."
Seriously? It would be so awesome to just be able to take this Regents exam without having to take the class, and take Chem or Physics or something instead. >.>
"Lol, that's always a plus. Good thing I was too lazy to take the calc exam. : D

But yeah, chem... I think I got obliterated."
Chris Pine...
Oh, lol, I don't know about Regents exams... I'm not even sure what those are... But regarding the SAT/ACT/AP tests, or high school classes or subject/grade acceleration or whatever, it's really up to you/your parents/your school (or district) rather than the law. At least, I am fairly certain acceleration isn't illegalized anywhere, and if it is, we live in a stupid world.
"They're kind of like New York State AP exams, for a diploma that is required to graduate high school. You need a certain amount of credits. I don't know the difference between them and AP exams, but they're NY-specific.
The thing I was asking about was the eight-year-old taking the test. xD I mean, where would they be able to get that opportunity? Because really, I could self-teach myself a lot and be able to pass this pesky Earth Science Regent that I have to take a whole class for next year. I already know a fair amount of the material anyways."
"Shad160 wrote:
Different strokes for different folks, I guess. I know that I passed it and I think getting at least a 4 is very possible, but some things really threw me off. Form O's polar question was NOT pretty for me
Yeah...calc wasn't pretty for me either, though I think I still managed to do relatively well. On both MC sections, I got stuck on one problem at the end and realized how to do it with less than 2 minutes remaining...and didn't finish and had to guess randomly (at least I put down educated guesses for the other ones I didn't know).

I was also quite disappointed by the lack of Taylor/Maclaurin and diff eq. FRQs on whatever form I had (G?), since I'm actually good at that stuff...instead I got a weird deriv graph, a boatload of integrals, and an absolutely terrible series thingamajig (among other things)."
"Oh, Casey...there's no comparing Regents and AP tests. The Regents tests are nothing compared to their AP counterparts. There are several Regents' that I got a 95+ on with no studying that I know I would've lost several nights worth of sleep for their APs.

That being said, I guess it depends on the district as to whether or not you can take the Regents without the class as well. A friend of mine is in my Calc class but he's in 10th grade...he has to take the Trig Regents this year

As I was typing this I was worried about sounding condescending. I don't mean to come off that way at all, if I do"
"AP Literature test tomorrow. I think I'm going to be sick...
Overly complex literature is completely headache inducing, while difficult chemistry/physics problems aren't for some reason."
I forgive you for sounding condescending. xP But yeah, I'm in eighth grade, so I don't know AP. The Regents are scarily easy, though. I could already probably pass the World History Regents (and maybe U.S. History). I need to consult with someone from the district though, and I don't know where to start.
In Cali, it isn't illegal, but extreme advancement is discouraged. During standardized testing, the four seventh graders in Geometry were forced to take the PreAlgebra exam because they weren't allowed to take Geometry, and I believe that they took the Algebra test in 6th grade. One of those kids leaves tomorrow for D.C. for a math competition. I don't know which one, but if he wins, he'll meet Obama. I pity Obama.
Lol. Dropped out of AP Lit last week when I looked at some admissions material for my college and said, "Oh, wait, I can't get any more credits for taking AP Lit. Why am I doing this again?"
We had one kid show up to the calc test and answer randomly because they were already accepted and couldn't get credit for the test no matter what they got, and another kid just didn't show up at all.
"National MathCounts is this weekend in DC...

To make it from California is VERY impressive, actually; some of the kids on that team are probably better than me.
zyzzyva98 wrote:
Dragonshark wrote:
AP Literature test tomorrow. I think I'm going to be sick...
Overly complex literature is completely headache inducing, while difficult chemistry/physics problems aren't for some reason.
Lol. Dropped out of AP Lit last week when I looked at some admissions material for my college and said, ""Oh, wait, I can't get any more credits for taking AP Lit. Why am I doing this again?""
Dropped four tests for that reason haha."
"Hey all,

This time of year tends to be very stressful for us students. In the heat of all the AP Tests, Finals, and SATs that are coming up in the following months, I'd like to remind everyone to simply enjoy life. No test is more important than spending time with the people you love. The score you get, the college you go to: these things mean nothing to these people because they love you for you, and not your class average or GPA. Though for some of us, it may seem like our parents expect nothing more than perfection, they don't. They'll be there for you as long as you are there with them. Your parents will always be proud of you. So study hard for these tests, but don't feel stressed.

If you are under a lot of stress, try taking a break. Maybe a walk in the park or some family time will clear your mind. Really. If you need someone to talk to, your friends, parents, and teachers are always there for you.

The point is, numbers on a paper mean nothing to the people who are close to you. I'm bad at making cheesy happy posts, but this is really coming from my heart. The past few days have really brought this up to light, in a sudden and difficult way.


So, good luck on your tests! Make sure to spend some time with your family"
AMEN
And that, to winneratlife, is the highest form of praise possible.
DBQs for APUSH practice
I just realized how awesome it would be if my thespian group all went to Disney World... Too bad I'd be forced to ride the Haunted Mansion... D: But even still, we'd have a blast! If only we could...
*More grumbling about AP tests*
AP tests are great*! They're fun** and easy*** to take!
Well... so maybe I did have fun with the Lit exam today... There was some good literature on there. The only bad part was that I consistently fell behind with writing my essays, so I had to write really fast to catch up. My hand looked kind of beat up by the end of the FRQs.
"oh gosh, today was so amazing.
i love science."
Burn to y'all "random" folks.
I liked the prose passage better than the poetry, even though the poetry one was easier in my opinion. The multiple choice passages were surprisingly boring compared to the practice we were doing in class, though I guess that's all for the better, since that way I didn't end up distracted by actually reading them.
Language and Composition today was awesome. I made a Scioly, Harry Potter, LOTR, and Inheritance reference, as well as a reference to the Constitution without realizing it.
Nice! I failed at rhetorical analysis
FantaSO is now up and running!
This is awesome!
My Science Olympiad coach would like this one a lot. He always teases people when they misuse the word random - "was it really a random person?"
Yes it was!
Selected from the world's population by rolling a 7 billion-sided die, of course.
Finally changed my tumblr and twitter URLs. The other ones were getting old. o-O
"Happy Mother's Day!

Also, I'm going to Cedar Point!!!

EDIT: To Duck Dynasty fans:
Ap-oc-a-liss"
"Happy Mother's Day everyone!
Looking for Alaska is so brilliant."
Finally FantaSO is up and running for real!
Oh, thank you! After that prank, it's good to really see FantaSO!
Okay, now it's really up. Trust me. FantaSO
Darn. You got me again.
We may be doing Sound of Music next year!!! I'm so auditioning for Liesl!
guys help me get a 5 on the AP euro exam plz
Good luck~ I'm sure that you'll do wonderful, ok.
"This. Except with French. My last AP, and the one I'm probably the least prepared for. ;_;

Je ne peux pas le parler couramment, alors je vais échouer. Je serai heureuse de recevoir un 3, ou peut-être un 2."
Anyone take AP Physics today? That was crazy...
Assuming you mean C, then... ughhh. Those questions all looked deceptively easy until you actually started doing them.
Oh, it's AP season why not post on here now? Liv, if you want to we can talk about Euro lol...otherwise I will wish you luck. Fullmetal, I heard AP French in general is a killer AP...major luck with that >.> (et s'il vous plait, vous recevrez un 5 biensur ). As for Physics haha...Physics...(hey, at least I only have one left now). Physics was...at least I got more than one right (also, I believe iwonder means B?). I guess if you want iwonder we can talk about it...lol.
"Mech, E&M, or both? I only took Mechanics and got destroyed. My goodness. I thought the mc were easy, but then my proctor announced five minutes when I still had 10 problems... I got answers for all but two.

And then those FRQs... just... facepalm.

Oh, and thanks, syo_astro, je voudrais que je recoive un 5 parce que personne n'a pris cet examen depuis longtemps de mon lycee. Alors tout le monde veut savoir si je le passerai ou pas. XD

^There should be accents n' stuff, but eh, who cares."
"I had the easy frq, hard mc for physics B. Hopefully I got a 5 but.... too much Electromagnetism...

Je prendrai l'examen de francais demain... Je vais failir."
Yeah, I took physics C mech and EM.... The multiple choice started really easy but a few problems in it got really strange... And the free response had stuff we've never even talked about in class or any of the practice stuff I've ever seen. The EM was about the same. Sigh.
"iwonder wrote:
Yeah, I took physics C mech and EM.... The multiple choice started really easy but a few problems in it got really strange... And the free response had stuff we've never even talked about in class or any of the practice stuff I've ever seen. The EM was about the same. Sigh.
I actually felt better about the E&M than the mechanics. There wasn't anything on either test that I hadn't learned, but I felt short on time on both of them."
The mechanics free response had some stuff that I hadn't learned in physics, but we had kinda covered in my calculus class. I'm sure I missed half that part
"*hides*
I'm scared. Of APs, now."
You know you can get the FRQs from past years online, right?
I'd love that. I think I'm going to start studying for AP Physics this year.
Have fun with that College Board posts them online. The ones from yesterday's test should be up tomorrow :O
How did it go for you? I thought I was doing fine on the French one until the writing and speaking parts... Not sure exactly what language I was speaking, but I'm not sure it was French. XD Okay, okay, that's an exaggeration; I was speaking pretty fluently at some points. But then I realized I didn't follow the directions for the conversation at all... *cries*
Screw APs; NATS.

"Public service announcement: predict the national tournament winners - remember to fill out your FantaSO ballots if you haven't done so already! http://fantasy.scioly.org/fantasy.php

It's fun and takes less than 5 minutes!"
To all my homies who are taking or took APs:
and also us (we? buh, can't think because chemistry killed my brain) college students suffering through midterms/finals
"2:12 A.M.

Leaving for nationals at 5:30 A.M.

Have not slept yet.

Too busy cramming trees into my brain."
Psh, trees. Try Invasive.
"Hey, teammate! I got a taste of that (on a somewhat smaller scale) with Triple E. Good luck!

P.S. Don't scoff at the trees. The number we need to know more than doubled since states."
"Is it bad that, now that APs are done for me, I don't know what to do with myself?
I hate collegeboard for doing this to me ."
SOOOO. MUCH. HOMEWORK!!!!
Good luck to everyone who's heading to Wright State tomorrow! I'm doing my own national competition on Saturday in D.C., so wish me luck, too.
Good luck everyone at Nats! Good luck to you, too, Casey! :3
"Final public service announcement: today is the last day to pick national tournament winners in FantaSO! http://fantasy.scioly.org/fantasy.php

Fill out the quick and easy ballot for a chance at glory."
So we're reading Romeo and Juliet in Lit and Comp, and I love the play so much, even though I hate the two main characters. The side characters are awesome!
REconstruction in APUSH
"[programming the game of chess] ""Why won't my piece move?!?!"" *run through entire debugging protocol* ""Oh, wait, I was putting myself in check. My code works. ...My code works!""

I am better at programming than I am at chess (which, granted, isn't saying much). I also wound up submitting it 3 minutes before the deadline."
Wow, that's very impressive. Do castling and en passant work too or is it just all the normal moves? And then for pawn promotion, does it automatically become a queen or do the players actually get a choice? Either way, that's really cool.
"I didn't have time to do castling or en passant (again, submitted at 1:12 when it was due at 1:15), but it does promote pawns and players get a choice. I didn't code that, though - it came with the program. So it's not as impressive as you think it is.

EDIT: The assignment description."
"pigeon, 25 pages of assignment description? College must suck.

En passant, bleh, should not be a thing. It doesn't even make sense. Taking the piece w/o attacking in? wtf"
Meh, chess's description is pretty long-winded, even within the CS department - another class's descriptions are super long on average, but they also tend to be about 10-15 pages. 5 pages of chess's description is "this is how you play chess!" and a lot of it is pseudocode (which actually made the assignment much easier).
"Can't decide whether or not to audition for A Christmas Carol at my community theatre or whatever my church play will be. If I do Christmas Carol, I'm going out for the Ghost of Christmas Past.
Good thing I have 3 months to think about it.

EDIT: Typo."
Good luck to everyone competing at nats right now! Make us proud!
UUUUUUUUUUUGGGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHHH I hate homework.
I must say, good job to that computer science professor announcer guy yesterday at the Parade of States for pronouncing Olathe correctly. Now, just make sure to do so quite a bit tonight.
The awards ceremony starts at 7:30 EDT, and is being streamed here! Also, feel free to join us in chat to discuss the results as they come! (links up top next to FAQ, Search, and Members buttons)
Forgive me if I'm wrong, but isn't it just "Oh-layth"? Or have I been mentally mispronouncing it?
Nope. It is definitely "Oh-lay-thuh."
I'm getting baptised today... I'm nervous.
I'm graduating today... I'm only nervous because I have to give a speech and I have strep throat. Oh, and we might get tornadoes. I'm not nervous about that, though.
Oh, hm, well then. (I've probably been corrected about that before and just forgot... )
Our graduation just got postponed due to the lovely Kansas weather. I'm not disappointed, though- I just rode back from nats overnight on a bus and got minimal sleep, and I'm giving one of the speeches- at least now I'll be functional for that.
"Hello Children of the Earth,
I'm sorry for being so inactive. I have just been relatively busy and I got caught up in Tumblr and such. It is now summer so I will be free to do things as I wish and what-not. Once again, sorry. So...how has everyone been since my absence/infrequent visiting?"
I went to nationals. I'm sure that has been the what most people have been doing or paying attention to. Congrats to Ced6 for being baptised today.
"Our team must really be brilliant. We get four medals and we still manage 21st. If I recall correctly, Paul J. Gelinas also got 4 medals (actually, 3 considering Green Generation)…and they got 8th. XD

Movin’ on to high school!"
Were were scared out of our minds, to be honest. Congratulations, forever! You and your team are to be admired, and I'm incredibly disappointed I didn't get to meet you. Don't worry, I wouldn't have tried to hug you
Our history bowl team got ninth, although we deserved third or fourth. >.> This pigeon proctor who messes everything up for us...
In 2010, our team got 8 medals and finished 19th place. Then again, it was our first year at Nationals...
The censoring on here is just so butterfly. >.< It makes me feel like I'm four. And I really get a kick out of it when people complain about the "immaturity" of some event names, but their Science Olympiad Student Center blocks out the name of my dog's breed.
IDGI
"I'm officially president of Brighton Science Olympiad!







Sorry about that brief bit of boasting. I just wanted to say it, and y'all will be both appriciative of the value and not envious because you could care less who is Scioly president at my school. I promise it won't happen again."
What is there not to get? When they censor words like butterfly (my dog's breed, spelled wrong so it doesn't turn into butterfly, which is also such a moronic thing for the 'curse' to become), I feel so young, but people complain that Designer Genes is soooo childish.
"Oh, I thought you meant that some of the event names were dirty.

Yeah, that's not a curse word... Yes, it contains a curse word, but I've never heard it used as one, and I doubt it is really used as one."
The server looks for words that contain the word, so other words are subject to that. So complaining isn't going to get much accomplished in that respect. I'd hope that the more mature response would be to accept it and deal with it instead of trying to complain about a relatively minor problem.
The word censor is here for a reason, due to the large age (and maturity gap) of users, we aim to keep what is considered to be a negative form of language from reaching the younger users. The censor will not change, nor be removed, and you should not attempt to bypass the censor. If you seem to think that a word is being unnecessarily censored, please PM a staff member, and the issue will be decided on as to if it can be setup so that the word is not censored, however complaining excessively about the censor never really fixes much.
"I know they are, and I am not really trying to get much accomplished. I know it's minor, and I don't expect it to be changed. I just don't think that this is the most effective way of getting rid of cursing, even if it's seemingly very minor.
robotman wrote:
The word censor is here for a reason, due to the large age (and maturity gap) of users, we aim to keep what is considered to be a negative form of language from reaching the younger users. The censor will not change, nor be removed, and you should not attempt to bypass the censor. If you seem to think that a word is being unnecessarily censored, please PM a staff member, and the issue will be decided on as to if it can be setup so that the word is not censored, however complaining excessively about the censor never really fixes much.
I never thought that the age gap between users here was so large. I've also never heard of a sixth grader that's never been exposed to cursing. Thank you for establishing that with me; no matter how much I think that the censor is useless, I now know to never complain about it. With that, I won't even bother PMing a staff member, because it's pointless. ._."
"ALL the sixth graders in my school district (or at least, when I went to the jr. high) seemed to know every swear word.

As you can see, I am REAL proud of that.

No offense intended to those who swear.

EDIT: Changing the subject now...
Any other Gravity Falls fans on here?"
...do you by any chance mean a shih tzu?
No, coccapoo.
"Cockapoo? As in a cross between a cocker spaniel and a poodle?

EDIT: LOL"
"No.
THE DOG ON THE LEFT IS ALMOST EXACTLY WHAT MY DOG (A POODLE/KOCKER SPANIEL) LOOKS LIKE (CLICK TO SHOW HIDDEN TEXT)"
This is awesome.
I am so pumped for States in Envirothon tomorrow! (And the next day!)
This made me smile. I loved it!
Congrats, twototwenty! Becoming one of the captains for my school's team is honestly the thing I've been the most proud of in high school, so don't be ashamed of boasting just a tad about it!
Ugh. I'm getting my wisdom teeth out Thursday.
"omg same here
That is so weird..."
What? Don't you usually get them out when you're like 18-19?
"I got mine out when I was 17 *shrug*
But most people get them out when they're older, yes."
It really depends on how wise you are.
I, for one, blew up a test tube in chemistry, embedding pieces of it on the lexan door of the fume hood, deafining 3 of us in class, and vaporizing the rest of the test tube(like, we can't even find small pieces of glass anywhere, it's gone). The teachers from the other two rooms came in and asked if everyone was alright
Wow, lucky nobody got hurt. That also sounds insanely awesome. How did you do it?
Luckily they didn't overreact like this school did: http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2013/05/0 ... 94768.html
"Total accident and we're still not quite sure... We've been experimenting with smoke bombs trying to make colored smoke. The initial thing we did was the potassium chlorate and gummy bear demo, and since all of our colored smoke attempts failed(8 of them), we went back and put dye in the potassium chlorate to do the guy bear demo.

We had dye and chlorate in a test tube, in the hood, on a burner. It was fine, but I went to turn the hood on, and were thinking the dye was picked up by the draft, caught the fire, lit like those sawdust cannons, the heat from that decomposed the KClO3 into O2 gas, which caused the fire to cascade and a really really powerful explosion resulted."
"You, sir, are awesome. Though, thank goodness that you didn't blow up yourself or the lab in the process. I still remember my chem teacher telling us about lab safety, like how if we caught on fire someone would have to literally tackle us with a fire blanket...I've always kind of wanted to see that...

Dang, I'm going to miss her when she retires at the end of the year :["
I really hope I like my teachers up in Ithaca. Here, I only have one teacher that I like, and two that I despise with the fiery passion. The rest are just okay. >.> Especially the Science Olympiad coach (who, from our emails, seems like a lovely woman) and the quiz bowl coach.
"Cooked scrambled eggs for the first time by myself ever. It tasted amazing.
Tomorrow I will try spam >=)"
Band concert tonight! yaaay.
Same here. That's... interesting. What instrument do you play? I play alto saxamaphone
"Wisdom teeth... getting them out wasn't as bad as I thought!
And I finally watched Princess Bride today."
I just changed my division from C to Grad... I can't believe it's over.
Clarinet. :3
We (as in Gelinas, Murphy, and Ward Melville) are all going to miss our seniors and others who are leaving us. I feel like there's a strong bond between all of our Science Olympiad students, coaches, and volunteers. Even though I never got to have a real conversation with you, I know how much you've accomplished in the time you've been with us. Good luck, and have fun in college!
"Wow. Science scares me. In our generation, things like genetic engineering on animals and even people are bound to become a thing... and probably one of the most controversial topics in our history. Manipulating DNA... do you guys think it's ethical? I mean, curing diseases would be great, but it's a slippery slope... what if someone wanted their baby to have blue eyes instead of brown? What if they wanted their baby to be faster... stronger?

I've always viewed myself and well, our generation as being very progressive, but this is one thing I'd be really hesitant and old-fashioned about..."
"Them darn kids and their air-breathing fishes! In my day they all breathed water like they should!
EDIT: Typo."
them feelz T_T man oh man what a journey it's been.
We just had our end of the year gathering for SciOly, it was a lot of fun but it's soooo sad to see all these people go
Just got the entire collection of FL Baum's Oz books on my Nook for less than $1!
"the year is ending it's so sad

oh wait we still have nearly three weeks"
LOL, Dr. Doofenshmirtz synced up to Taylor Swift's "Trouble".
"I think that people are being slow about genetic experimentation mostly because of the inherent ethical qualms with it. I was watching Through the Wormhole with Morgan Freeman on Science Channel and they were talking about this. It goes farther in depth than I ever could. You should watch it. Bioethics is a fascinating field of study.

What do you think?"
"Yeah, there's a ton of controversy about the ethics of germ-line (sperm, egg) gene therapy. I really don't think it's such a great idea because once everyone becomes stronger, the perception of greatness is set to such a high standard that a feat that we would consider amazing would be pretty much average. If everyone becomes healthier, the world becomes too populated and we have to either find an alternative way to have ground to live on or die off due to overpopulation. Just my two cents.

On another note, I finished my last AP test today...now it's just the SAT subject test and waiting for my scores to come out in July"
Ugh. Wisdom teeth out AND a cold.
After spending pretty much all of today and yesterday working on it, my tumblr is now pretty much...sucky still, but perfect in my eyes. ok.
I love tumblr my tumblr is marvelous
"Has anyone noticed that we just went past 111111 posts in the general chat section.....

That HAS to be a sign...."
I was on here yesterday when it was at 111110. I so badly wanted to be the one that made it 111111, but another thread distracted me.
Today I wish to honor those who died out of service of our nation.
I MET E EDGAR
I have contacted some prominent science people at my school (i.e. people who went to National/State Science Fair) and most of them want to join the newly formed SO team and I'm so excited and I'm going to a science camp next week and I'm so happy. Hopefully people outside of who I asked will join. And I have to find a parent to head the fundraising committee because the coach wants to spend time with her grandson and family. Other than that, I'm rather delighted with the situation at hand- finally the school will have an STEM extracurricular activity besides science fair, which I loathe, for kids who like science but don't like SF. We have Robotics too but they are kind of snobby.
"Who?
ThePrudentGuava wrote:
I have contacted some prominent science people at my school (i.e. people who went to National/State Science Fair) and most of them want to join the newly formed SO team and I'm so excited and I'm going to a science camp next week and I'm so happy. Hopefully people outside of who I asked will join. And I have to find a parent to head the fundraising committee because the coach wants to spend time with her grandson and family. Other than that, I'm rather delighted with the situation at hand- finally the school will have an STEM extracurricular activity besides science fair, which I loathe, for kids who like science but don't like SF. We have Robotics too but they are kind of snobby.
That's awesome! Congratulations! I hate the science fair too."
Congrats!
"Lol I'm baack! (I know you were happy I was gone, but I'm gonna make an overly dramatic entrance even so!)
Friday: I graduated eighth grade (although it was a bit sad, because all my friends are going to North)
Sunday-Monday: I had a chess tournament (2.5/7 pts )
Sunday-today: Bad cold, probably contracted from the tournament, given that my parents also got sick"
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH I HATE MOUSETRAP CARS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"Absolutely random question time!!!!

Which is better? Nintendo or Sega."
"Lol, you're doing mousetrap cars?

We did them for science class likeee, two months ago or something like that. It was so much fun!

My partner and I were one of the only groups to get full credit - pretty much everyone else got D's and C's."
Nintendo.
Mousetrap Vehicle is pretty hard. There is just so many random variables to count in if you plan to make a long term one for competition.
Done with Spanish!! Adiós espanol!
"Lucky! Well, you are in high school. >.> These conjugations... Gah.
justsomedudenamedted wrote:
Absolutely random question time!!!!

Which is better? Nintendo or Sega.
Nintendo, obviously."
"TIL a complex of human breast milk protein and a fatty acid predominately derived from olive oil (HAMLET) depolarizes the protective outer shells of bacteria, disabling its resistance and allows antibiotics to work (e.g. penicillin).

Love you, reddit."
old news, bro
Case, I got an F (53%) on my irregular preterite conjugation quiz. Obviously, I'm pretty awful at Spanish
"Back in the day, and by back in the day I mean 4th generation video game consoles (SNES, Genesis, and if you're good with video game history, the turbografx 16 and Neo Geo) this would be pretty up in the air. Even then I would probably side with Nintendo but I would probably prefer the Genesis on a whole. Sega does what NintenDon't after all.

Otherwise, the Sega Master System was meh, the Saturn terrible, the Dreamcast awesome but too short lived.

RIght now, Sega is producing some decent/okay games and many crap games. So right now... Nintendo.

Nintendo is a hardware producer, and has first party/second party IPs including:
Animal Crossing, Custon Robo, Donkey Kong, F-Zero, Fire Emblem, Golden Sun, Kid Icarus, Kirby, Zelda, Mario, Metroid, Mother, Star Fox, Smash Bros, Batallion/Advance Wars, Yoshi.

In comparison, Sega is only a software producer and has... Sonic, Phantasy Star, Super Monkey Ball etc... (and a lot more, but few have had recent releases, and even those that do aren't very notable)."
So I'm reading The Wonderful Wizard of Oz, and it is SO different from the movie. However, "The Muppets Wizard of Oz" is very true to the book.
Yeah, I read that in fourth grade, and noticed how much the movie left out/changed.
"Positives about today...NO MORE SCHOOL
negatives.... No more science olympiad
It feels so weird"
yay summer. now i don't know what to do with my life. xD
ugh, more tornadoes hitting OKC >.< praying for people there!
Wha-OMG I THINK WE'RE THE SAME PERSON
I need a new hobby.
New hobby? Why not Zoidberg?
"New hobby? Why not Zoidberg?[/quote]

Your memespeak is always amazing & hilarious"
"gaah waiting for collegeboard test scores is horrible how do you guys even do this every time
i keep getting paranoid i bubbled something in wrong >.>"
Funny that you worry about that.... First time I took the SAT I bubbled section 5 in the spot for section 6
YES ..am currently freaking out right now too >.< scores put online on the 20th >.>
Apathy does wonders.
That's one of the greatest things I've learned in college.
"I need prayers and emotional support. My uncle died on Friday. I know there's not much you can do about it, but even just sympathy is ok.

Thank you."
I'm very sorry for your loss, Cedavis6.
"I am so sorry for your loss. My aunt and uncle died over a year ago, and this beautiful poem makes me feel better when I think of them. I hope it does the same for you.

http://www.poemhunter.com/poem/do-not-s ... -and-weep/

Much sympathy to you and your family."
If there's one thing that everyone should know about me, it's that I'm terrible at sympathy. However, I'm fairly good at empathy. When my grandfather and his daughter (my aunt) passed away, I was heartbroken. The most important thing to know is that the deceased are never dead. Now, I don't believe in an afterlife, but if you do, then it's good to think of them in a better place. I always built that special place - for my family that passed on - in my mind. My aunt loved flowers and incense, so I placed her in a botanical garden in my mind. My grandfather, in a casino. And I visit them every so often. You should do the same for your uncle - put him somewhere that he would love and visit him in your mind. He can still live on.
With the end of the 2013 Scioly party, my middle school science olympaid career is officially over.
My Science Olympiad Coach had her science class do Rotor Egg Drop. Too bad I'm not in her Science class...
I don't even know if we're going to have one. Our absentminded coach keeps putting it off, and I don't even know anymore.
We had ours today... I felt like crying because my boyfriend and some of my closest friends are ninth graders who will be leaving for the high school. I don't know, it almost feels as if I'll never see them again. I have one more year in Division B, and I'm determined to make it count.
Tell me about it. It's even worse at the end of high school because you actually might not see some of your teammates again. We have our end-of-year banquet on Monday and I doubt I'll make it through it without crying. There were a lot of tears at last year's banquet.
"Your middle school doesn't recruit 9th graders....? Hm. Only reason I (was) still in B was because there were better chances of getting onto the B team than the C team as a freshman (too many good upperclassmen)... and as a side note...

I'm not a freshman anymore!!!!"
We're a junior high, grades 7-9 So... We don't recruit, no.
Yeah, tell me about it. It's been a year since graduation (wait, what? already?) and I've only seen a few of my high school friends since late June (and no one at all since March). I'm not going home until September, and I'm beginning to seriously doubt I will ever see some people again (which is unfortunate but, I suppose, inevitable).
Thank you so much for the support. It means a lot.
"Should I play bassoon for the orchestra, or tenor sax for my jazz band? I already play flute, clarinet, and oboe. The only instruments eligible for jazz band are trumpet, trombone, and saxophone. What do you recommend?
STRESS"
Sax, of course. Welcome to saxomaphoneland.
"Trombones are definitely the more fun people in our band, trumpets are crazy/immature and saxophones are just plain strange (no offense to other bands, that's just us)

-- A Percussionist"
Tenor sax, of course. Such an obvious choice shouldn't cause you any stress.
Not going to weigh in on the instruments, because you'd be so much better off with a brass instrument, but I had played French horn for seven years before joining jazz band on trumpet, and I had a lot of fun. (Note: I'm not a trumpet player -@iwonder) I just wish I could've spent more time in our jazz band; I only had two years. Now I'm going to go do something crazy like join a college jazz ensemble, which I am absolutely not a good enough trumpet player for. But jazz opens up a whole new world of music; it opens up a lot of creativity and it's really fun. (And, you get to listen to jazz music, which is great in itself!)
I would choose tenor. :3
Is that even a question? Trumpet of course.
"Thank you! :3
I am leaning toward Saxophone."
I'm voting bassoon.... I play the french horn and violin, and I want to learn flute and oboe.
Both have a nice sound...but I would say trumpet out of purely personal preference
Exams. Yuck.
Haha, last day of finals today This means last day of school. We also ended with a yummy Fine Arts Picnic I swear, I've never ate so many cupcakes in my life
I'm kind of nervous for the upcoming Regents. >.<
Me too... I'm going to fail at least one, and I'm not even kidding....
chemistry more like chemystery because i have no idea what is going on
"they call me macklemore in math class because im like

what what what what what

what what what what what what what

what what what what"
Nitric oxide sums up my opinion of chemistry.
This is excellent... and also sums up my feelings about organic chem
How many are you taking? o_o I'm not going to fail, but I HAVE to do well.
"To ease the regents worries (for those who don't know, mandatory NYS tests): you will do fine.
-by an older NY'er"
"if anyone is concerned about the superlatives, rest assured that they will occur shortly after dead day (Thursday) is over (i.e. Friday) - but never fear, I will gladly run it again!

(sorry guys, but studying comes first)

EDIT: not sure why I did this; for the last two years I've posted it on June 9th. Oh well *shrug*"
Post it on June 9th, then. IT'S BECOME A TRADITION; YOU MUST FOLLOW IT.
Are you going to add any new categories, or just keep the existing ones?
I tried playing my mom's flute when I was younger, and couldn't even get a sound out of it. I played bass from fourth to sixth grade, and there's still an electric bass in my room.
I vote that we remove the "biggest nerd" category... or at least take it seriously this year. that means foreverphysics should win
Well, it all depends on what definition of "nerd" we're using: "socially awkward" or "painfully intellectual".
http://www.surveymonkey.com/s/YNNX6ZD
"But that's the day before my chem final D:
Littleboy wrote:
Are you going to add any new categories, or just keep the existing ones?
Just keep the existing ones. They seem more than adequate.
EDIT: I guess people could suggest new categories? In any case, the thread'll be up tomorrow and people can give feedback then."
Why don't we get rid of the "biggest nerd" category and replace it with "most socially awkward" and "most painfully intellectual". That would make winner's ego feel better.
"So much this. ^

What are we even talking about? I haven't been here for a very long time..."
Well... Two
"Eh, me too. Which ones again? I can't remember if you'd told me or not...
Integrated Algebra is the one I'm worried about. Living Environment is just easy."
Integrated Algebra and Earth Science... I swear, I will be the first person in the history of my schools honors theory program to ever manage to fail the Math Regents, even WITH the curve.
I'd guess it's Scioly Superlatives 2013. Do a board search, and you'll see it's been done before at least twice about this time of year. I'm looking forward to voting this time because I usually don't read the site at all during the offseason.
Oh, I see. .-.
I qualify as biggest nerd? YAY. Now I shall get back to reading Carroll and Ostlie.
Well. Yesterday was interesting.
"I liked trig until today. Wtf of an answer is

how did I even get it and why are we proving a trig identity with other identities and I skipped the easiest problem and
im just gonna eat food and pointlessly ponder on if my grade drops to a C
this is horrible
oh but bay area elementary scioly tomorrow"
"Heh.
The only trig I know are calculating angles and length of a missing side."
Oh gosh. Dealing with the loss of my uncle is so hard. He was so young... So adventurous... The worst part is watching my mum cry. Being really emotional, it's really hard to control my sobbing. I really shouldn't dwell on it too much, it'll make it worse, but *sigh* I guess it's good too have someone know...
"Umm, calculator? 0.297771398...?
Cedavis6 wrote:
Oh gosh. Dealing with the loss of my uncle is so hard. He was so young... So adventurous... The worst part is watching my mum cry. Being really emotional, it's really hard to control my sobbing. I really shouldn't dwell on it too much, it'll make it worse, but *sigh* I guess it's good too have someone know...
How did he die?"
"Is it a wrong one?
Cedavis6 wrote:
Oh gosh. Dealing with the loss of my uncle is so hard. He was so young... So adventurous... The worst part is watching my mum cry. Being really emotional, it's really hard to control my sobbing. I really shouldn't dwell on it too much, it'll make it worse, but *sigh* I guess it's good too have someone know...
Sorry for the tragic loss, keeping you and your family in my prayers."
We don't know. He just fell asleep and didn't wake up. We don't have the autopsy results yet, I think.
"I don't know if it was wrong or not, and calculators were not allowed on the test lol. Otherwise I could have just done sin(pi/16) .

EDIT
also, some funny answers on tests I graded at my elementary Scioly tournament

Disease Detectives
What is a vector?
A̶ ̶v̶e̶c̶t̶o̶r̶ ̶i̶s̶ ̶s̶o̶m̶e̶t̶h̶i̶n̶g̶ ̶w̶i̶t̶h̶ ̶d̶i̶r̶e̶c̶t̶i̶o̶n̶ ̶a̶n̶d̶ ̶m̶a̶g̶n̶i̶t̶u̶d̶e̶ A vector is an organism that can tramsit disease
I almost would have given them points for this xD

Name a mode of transmission
Car

Name a way of lead poisoning
Eating lead
Well yeah but....

Name a way of testing for lead poisoning
What is a shop? Where is the shop?
wtf?

Anatomy
Aphasia is a symptom of brain damage where a person has difficulty communicating and understanding bothe verbal and written language. What is a likely cause for a symptom like Aphasia? (more than one answer)
Watching too much TV"
"I swear, I'm going insane. My imagination is really tugging at me. So much so, that I actually am having a very hard time not giggling at nothing in particular right now. Like, I'm about to have the biggest adventure that anyone has ever had, and it's dangerous, strange, and I've been preparing for it all my life. And the adventure tends toward the impossible side.

I need to write/draw something. Now.

EDIT: A part of me dies when I see Wizard of Oz sequels/prequels that contradict the books. *Ahem* Oz the Great and Powerful *Ahem*

I swear, they didn't even read the books. It's one thing for a few things to be different, like... oh gosh, no, it was extremely different, I can't even begin to tell you how different it was.

Caution: Indirect spoiler: And I like Theodora and Oz better as a couple...

EDIT: Typo.

I don't hate the movie, but still, READ THE BOOKS!!!"
Wow. Why do I even come back here.
"I couldn't see this until now.

Wow. Just wow. I can't even. Even if I tried.

EDIT: Typo.

EDIT: That moment when your textbook is talking about scientists throwing elephant dung at eachother..."
Well. My day has been ruined. Thanks, scioly.
Don't worry, sweetie! It's all going to be okay.
"I'm... sorry?

I don't quite see what we're doing wrong, but ok.

Does it have to do with the nerd conversation?

EDIT: A picture to make you feel better/ hate on science."
"No, it wasn't anyone here.
Unless certain admin actually comes here

http://www.thedailyshow.com/watch/thu-j ... -citi-bike
Anyways, crazy bike lady."
You really should assume that people can see everything you post.
"I hate everyone here.

Oh, hey robot, didn't see you there... You didn't happen to see that did you?

All in good humour, I can assure you."
"Does anyone else feel danger approaching on the wind?

....

Guess who did the most awful-est job of signing her boyfriend/teammates/friends/aquaintances yearbooks? I'm so bad at it, expecially because my hand shakes while I'm witing with the stupid pens, causing it to be almost illegible. Also, I'm horrible at thinking up nice messages to each person... I'm going to miss everyone. Ninth grade, last year of junior high, here I come!"
Yes! Danger, and excitement, and adventure!
Honestly, a few sentences isn't enough to even begin explaining all the amazing stuff we did /things I want to say to them, and I have a panic attack when people ask me to sign theirs. Usually I end up writing something really stupid and bordering between awkward and funny.
Does anyone know when the Common App allows people to apply for the 2014 fall semester? I'm trying to get all my application stuff done (as much as possible) before September rolls around because I won't have any time between school and activities. Or am I just missing something.
It's not as if I regret you seeing that you ruined my day yesterday. It's not as if I'm trying to make you guilty; I'm certainly not guilty. I have no reason to be. And if you don't know how you could have possibly made me upset...
I think it opens the end of July/beginning of August.
Opening date was August 1 this year, I believe.
For those of you who are unaware, the 2013 version of SciOly Superlatives is in full swing!
"Ahhhhhhhh college apps I don't wanna

*dives under a rock*

>.>"
IKR. I usually try to think of some inside joke or something funny that happened during the year, but it's like it all slips from your mind just when you need it. xD
Between "shucks", "dude", "chill", "bro", "hella", and "lol", this school year / living in California has utterly destroyed my vocabulary... it's chill.
Woah, everything does look cooler in Latin!
Welcome to Under The Rock, summer home of junior-seniors. My permanent residence.
"Lolz.

Dude, chillax. No one needs hella good vocab. You's in Cali now."
My school, Great Neck South Middle, might not have a team next year...
Why? =(
I know the feeling... I'd be surprised if Kapaun ever competed again.
Hahaha, those were great. At least they tried! Leaving stuff blank is the kiss of death.
"Oh god.
K-Rockathon."
I found the most original username: syoastro!
"Skink's post was 16161, just funny. hehe
And there is actually a reason for that account..."
It's a dummy account testing something, then.
It's the result of having a stinking underscore in your username -_-. Why of all the characters...>.<. Oh well, 'tis life. Also...poptart, GNS o.O. PM/explain please?
"ςkink

I should consider a name change myself..."
"Well...there are multiple reasons. First one being that our main coach isn't returning next year for personal reasons, and our other coach doesn't think she can handle the workload by herself. Secondly, the vast majority of the team (70-80%) were 8th graders this year, and we'll all be going to the high school. Thirdly, there's no motivation for our other coach to try and do this, since we're almost definitely not making States.

It's really frustrating because our coach says the teachers have to decide it and we can't do anything about it and also, we're coming off the best SciOly year in the history of GNSMS. Having a team disintegrate right after you've reached your highest point just stinks."
I may not have a team next year either.
I get you
You should PM one of the site admins to request a name change if you want! I changed my name from "luo" to "Luo" awhile back.
"Freshman year is over! Bye, Stanf-

OH WAIT I'M ONLY LEAVING HERE AUGUST 31ST!

woooooooooo summer"
Lucky... I've been told no name changes.
But you have a cool, unique name...
Iwonder why you would want a name change...
"quizbowl, what is your avatar supposed to be?

Yes, I see that it is some kid in the snow. Who is it/ what is it supposed to signify?"
Is anyone else getting worried about AP Scores? I chose essay 3 on APUSH...
I'm thinking that I'm gonna apply to Oklahoma School of Science and Mathematics. It's just the fact that I'll be away for my junior and senior years cause it's in OKC. For those you who don't live in Oklahoma, {oh wait that's everyone besides me on here} OSSM is a state-funded residential college-prep high school. It has a good reputation and I looked at their courses and they have some really interesting ones. The tricky thing will be convincing my parents who have this annoying habit of wanting to be near me. (yes, that was sarcasm. I know that it's just the parental response)
"I can see the Question 3's potential to trip you up. It's a really broad topic covering a fairly uninteresting period of time. Your mind immediately jumps to the war of 1812, but then that wasn't really increasing insomuch as defending its interests. Then there's the Louisiana Purchase, but that seems to be domestic rather than foreign. So those two might be a couple of traps, unless you can effectively argue that they had positive large-scale global impacts for America.

But who knows? I may have forgotten some very important part of APUSH, since I took it a couple years ago."
"Interesting link there.

I know I've before said this. Still, the irony there is the easiest exam can still generate the worst scoring distribution...perhaps because the dedicated students are probably less likely to take that one."
Ah, parents and their "What?! We're not going to see you for about six months?!"
I'd see them on open weekends when they shut down the dorms and make us go see our families. And on the breaks, except for about 3 weeks in the summer because I intend to do a research mentorship with someone at OSU/OU.
"Monroe Doctrine. Game, set, and match.

Why do you think they chose 1823?"
I wonder why our world hasn't moved on past war to settle disputes. I mean, does seeing which country can kill the most people really have to do with the conflict?
"Allow me to illustrate. I was on a long public transportation deal (~6hrs) early this month. There were some folks who lacked class and consideration for others traveling who conversed in ways I can't quote, else you probably wouldn't see me again. Imagine the most foul language possible acting as modifiers for everything they said. Instead of the 'tasty' sandwich or that 'red' car substitute those words for stuff. After four hours of this, you can imagine most of us traveling were getting irritated. At the end of the ride, when the folks in question passed me on exit, I politely told them off and requested they clean it up next time. I got a...
'You want a fight?' blah blah blah I'll spare you the details.

My point is there are a lot of people still in the world who turn to violence to settle disputes. If both parties cannot talk it out, things tend to escalate in this direction. This works on both the small and large scale. Be thankful neither of us have first-handedly experienced capital W War in our lifetimes."
I'm terribly sorry, but I can't help but be reminded of this: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WPYqRaOm1ak (warning: mild language)
"Flying out to Cali tomorrow!

So, If any of you see a dude wearing a South Dakota SO shirt in some random In and Out Burger, its prolly me."
Ooh, where in Cali? Have fun!
Have a safe trip!
I'm leaving for college in five hours and 35 minutes...
I bet you guys can't guess where I'm going on Thursday!
The Underworld?
Um... no...?
I just came back from vacation.
"I guess it would be cool to go in there with a lute and come back. With pictures.
Say hi to Charon for me if you do go."
"Huh?

Here's a hint: my avatar."
Oh. I fail. Well, have fun. I wish I could go. I love roller coasters.
"Moving is hard. Especially when you've vowed to label every container with its exact contents. Also especially when you're packing up almost all of your possessions by yourself. And when you've never moved without your family before. And when it's 2:30 AM and really you're just starting to pack up out of boredom. And when you haven't spoken with another human being in the last four hours (which doesn't seem long until you live in a college dorm). And when you've been watching a ton of Arrested Development in the last two days. And when you are one of four people living in a dorm built for over 100 people. And when you're the only one in the east wing of the dorm, which is to say half of it.

Not that I would know, though, obviously."
Gonna host a German kid at my house for a few days
"Found this little gem while playing with forumlas on Excel:
Period is the period.
No duh."
YES! I'm in a dance about chess! (I am probably the only person I know who plays competitive chess and dances 9.5 hours a week. xD)
"WHOOOOOO I SURVIVED FRESHMAN YEAR

Finally, freedom to do absolutely nothing"
Wait until you get bored of doing nothing. That's when the fun comes.
"I hate it when I go on Scioly.org at 11-12 pm, but nobody is online, because I live in CALIFORNIA.
I hate living in the Pacific Time Zone."
California?
I got a 2140 on the SAT....I don't know how to feel lol
I love Coolifornia.
I've seen fozen on at that time.
"Well, this morning has been a very dramatic day. Got an 800 on my SAT Bio test, and a 20% F double minus on my Spanish final.

(Well ok it's just an F but essentially deservant of multiple minus signs)


EDIT: Oh thank god. It was an error. This is probably a rarer moment of my life when I am happy to have gotten a C on a final xD"
"ScienceOlympian wrote:
aim4me26 wrote:

California?

I love Coolifornia.
Contradictory much? Don't worry, I love Coolifornia too."
Only on the weekends...
I'm definitely on at that time as well, but I'm invisible, so you can't see me. OOOoooOOOoooo
"I really don't know what I want I be or even what clubs/activities I want to do in high school.
Just thinking about the world out there scares me. Change scares me.
And I miss invitationals, regionals, state, and nats..it feels like a chapter of my life has ended. ): I'm horrified of growing up, and I'm scared that if/when I do SO again it won't be the same.
I hope I'll figure things out soon. I'm so nostalgic. I just wanna be a child!"
Cedar Point was fun! I went on the Millenium (my favorite), Gemini (my second favorite), Gatekeeper (my third favorite), Corkscrew, Iron Dragon, Witch's Wheel (which I'll never go on again...), Skyhawk (which scared the crap out of me) and more. I faced my fear of heights a lot.
That's amazing! You're going to be a freshman in September, right? My gosh, I'm so jealous. Congratulations!
I just wanted to make a shout-out to everyone who isn't up at 2:45AM like I am.
"It's 1 here. I should probably be going to bed, but mehhhh.

\\\"
Now it's 1:25! woooooohhh
1:30, yay. okay, well i'm off. night.
"8:40 in Michigan!
EDIT: Toy Story 2 was supposed to be a direct-to-DVD release. Woah."
"Now it's 1:25! woooooohhh[/quote]
1:30, yay. okay, well i'm off. night.[/quote]

I like your profile pic"
Hey, I'm up at 11:30 AM! I think I win
"Haha yeah, I'm gonna be a freshman and I haven't even started worrying yet XD You get to stay in the same school in ninth grade though, right?
My mum woke me up absurdly early to tell me that she was unsatisfied with my Math score, but yeah...I'm happy with my score. Thanks!

I'm headed to London tomorrow. Huzzah!"
"....Your score... Most people would be absurdly happy to get a 2140! You could get into a good college with that, my gosh. That's awesome.

Yes, even though I'll be a 'freshman,' I'll still be going to Gelinas

Have fun in London!"
"I like your sig!

Also, have fun in London, hydrogen!"
...what's this about being up late? 3 AM and I have to be at work at or by 10...
I stay up late and do nothing. Mindlessly searching through the collegeboard website = nothing.
"hydrogen, I hope you somehow get into a time mixup in London, and go to my alternate past and see the Cedavis Corporation, and tell them where/ when I am, and that I am just fine.

LOL, JK. Have fun in London! I'm envious.

In other news, it is storming outside my house.

EDIT: This little gem occured during VBS at my church:
Pastor: We're gonna turn the lights down, but don't worry.
*They turn the lights down. It's dark, but you can still see everything clearly.*
Kids: AAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Me: (Mentally) He warned you..."
"DOMA and Prop 8 struck down!

Also I finally bought myself a cheese grater."
*confetti*
???
I think the Fairy Tail movie just stomped all over my emotions and than jumped up and down on them... Great movie (not as good as Hiro Mashima's anime/managa, but still), but the end... *sigh* I won't ruin it for anybody.
Fairy Tail movie?? Like fairy tail anime? Where?
"married couple: we're two women and we got married! yay!
[one woman dies]
her wife: yo, so... can I get a tax refund? because we were married and other married couples can do that? DISCLAIMER: This may be factually incorrect due to my distinct lack of knowledge regarding tax law. Regardless, same-sex couples were denied rights that heterosexual couples were allowed, and that sucked.
court: no. according to the federal government, same-sex couples do not have the same rights as other couples.
wife: wtf, that's not cool, I'm gonna sue the government
[a lot of people argue about it]
supreme court: yeah, that's definitely not cool, we're not gonna allow that anymore. the federal government is now okay with gay marriage (this is the important bit)
a lof of people: yay

also see: http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2013/06/2 ... 54811.html or one of the other hundreds of news articles about it for a less abridged (and probably more factual) version

EDIT: See http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B_hyT7_Bx9o for a possibly PG-13 [language] explanation of Prop 8. Prop 8 was just struck down by the Supreme Court, allowing gay marriage in California to continue... well, happening, as soon as they lift the temporary stay. See http://www.cnn.com/2013/06/26/politics/ ... index.html or, again, one of the other hundreds of news articles."
There's a version on youtube, and other sites if you search for it. It's called Fairy Tail: Priestess of the Phoenix, and it's really good. A little different, since it's not drawn by the creator of the anime, but the voice actors and character personalities are still the same.
YES DOMA and Prop 8 were overturned! (I'm strongly in support of gay marriage, partially because of Hetalia.)
"Watch this. DANG.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FSQQK2Vuf9Q"
Wow, Frankenweenie is really good. It's a good movie for science lovers. And I almost cried when Sparky died.
"College essay = complete

Now to write another 1 to 3 supplemental essays for each college I'm applying to. Yay."
I know... Anime has totally changed my views on gay marriage XD
No one has made a daily random comment! I'm on it.
Just saw Man of Steel! It was pretty cool!
I didn't think it was all that good.
I haven't seen the movie, but Trailer #3 was pretty epic.
It wasn't anything amazing, but it wasn't bad either. What ruined it for me was the somewhat lack-luster soundtrack. It never quite built up to be anything amazing and didn't do the job it should have done.
I'm just waiting for the next hobbit movie to come out
One of my friends met Anthony Padilla. uGH, I'm so jealous. </3
"WHEEEEEEEEEEEE
I feel summer depression sinking in. All my friends are gone, and I'm not doing anything over the summer -_- I DON'T KNOW HOW I'M GOING TO LAST AHHH"
"I know that feeling

Btw Cedavis, like your new avatar. I think Despicable Me 2 is coming out tomorrow, yes? My friends and I were going to watch it and then we remembered there may be long lines...so we we're going bowling instead"
It came out today.
Haha I keep thinking today was yesterday for some reason >.>
It came out today? I saw it yesterday... Awesome movie by the way
HAPPY FOURTH, EVERYONE! (CLICK TO SHOW HIDDEN TEXT)
17,000 redirects on the team forums thingy. Wow.
AP scores, anyone?
"YESTERDAY WAS THURSDAY
TODAY IT IS FRIDAY"
Tomorrow... The agony...
It's the first thing I'm going to look at in the morning.
I hate summer reading.
Mine is Sunday... I can't wait. Aghhhh...
"Out of curiosity, what APs do your schools offer for each grades?

At my school, the only AP open to sophomores is Art History. Freshmen can't take APs. All the other APs open up to juniors/seniors.

Although, AP Human Geography is a new one that's starting next year over here and it's open to all classes, inc. freshmen.

EDIT: Honors Physics at our school (which is changing its name to ""AP Physics B"" next year just so we can get some funds for the physics department-and the class really is a Physics B class) is open to sophomores too...but they never offered the Physics B exam to us, so I'm pigeon"
Freshmen can take AP Human Geogrpahy, and freshmen willing to go against the system and bug administrators can take Computer Science. Basically it's whatever you have the prerequisites for.
My school doesn't offer a lot of AP classes, and the ones that are offered are only available for juniors and seniors. There's AP Literature and Composition, AP U.S. Government and Politics, and AP computer science. You can also take the AP exam if you're in the second level of biology, chemistry, and physics (for example, you should take Chemistry I and Chemistry II and then do the AP exam). I really wish there were more actual AP classes.
We have AP World as freshmen, but you don't take the AP exam until the end of sophomore year...
"We don't have World or Euro History, and I heard some schools around us offer APUSH to sophomores. Here, US Hist/APUSH is a junior class.

The APUSH teacher is really tough though. Makes it one of, if not the hardest class in the school..."
"Schreiber offers around 25 Advanced Placement classes, which is more than three times the state average for New York.

The first regularly offered AP course is AP European History. It is offered to sophomores. Best class ever 10/10 would take again."
My school offers 15...
"Schreiber is a pretty exceptional school, even though I still can't spell ""Schreiber"" correctly and have to look it up every time I need to spell it. Almost half of the students taught at Schreiber take at least one AP course (53%), compared to the state average of 16%. However, I am not positive if that number refers to the amount of students enrolled at the beginning of the year, in an AP course, or the amount of students who actually end up taking the AP test. Those are probably two very different percentages. In addition, on average 84% of students pass the AP test, compared to the state average of 61%. Aside from the rampant drug use of Schreiber students, and the stark socioeconomic differences of the student body, Schreiber is pretty neat.



P.S. Anyone else completely amazed by their score on the AP European History Exam?"
Texas got AP scores today! What a relief
It's quite wonderful for me as a Kansan going to college here! Finding out I got a 5 on French absolutely made my day.
"First my uncle, now my dog...
This summer is awful."
Say hello to the police state.
"Get your facts straight, police.
EDIT: Typo."
This reminds me somewhat of an article I read last week sometime, probably on CNN. The jist of it--because I can't for the life of me find it in my browsing history (Chrome, which I began using recently, is awful in this respect)--was someone, probably your age, got into an argument with a friend and wrote on Facebook sarcastically that he would go to a school and...hurt people. A woman from Canada found his post and reported him to the authorities. Now, he faces six years in prison due to writing something stupid and tasteless online. It's as disgusting as what you linked (also far shorter) but deals with different fundamental issues, granted. Still interesting nonetheless...
"Watch Man of Steel 6 online...
Wow, 6 already? Seems like this year the first one came out.
Proof that you should never click a spambot link."
So how are people's summers coming along?
"IT'S GOING BY TOO FAST!!!

And I hate summer reading.

School starts in 1 month..."
Awful. I've gotten nothing done. School can't start fast enough. Why do summer vacations even exist?
What. Did. You. Just. Say.
I'm actually getting more writing done than I did during the school year.
I gotta agree with poptart, because a) school years are indeed more productive and b) there's no summer reading without summer!
Summer? Huh? You mean work time, right? Or are you talking about band camp?
"Band camp? I don't play an instrument...

By productive I mean work, if that's what you're asking...

Hey...



I turned green!"
I really like Summer Break. Only downfall is that I forget stuff, though.
"Malcolm Gladwell once had this entire theory of why U.S. schools do worse than schools in China and Japan--and he claimed it's because of our summer vacations, which are longer than theirs.
Really, why is there such a long break? Casey, you are an extremely motivated person to be able to get stuff done in the summer. For highly unmotivated people like me, summer is a horribly counterproductive thing that I have to deal with far too often. It doesn't teach you time management. School basically just hands you this giant block of time and says, ""Here, go ahead, waste it. And don't worry if you forget stuff.""
Grr. In case you can't tell, I feel horrible during the summer. Don't mind me and my incoherent rambling.
On the bright side, I'm almost finished with reading The Count of Monte Cristo."
"Our summer vacations are ridiculously long, and I think part of the problem is that certain districts have longer summer vacations than others. It's easier said than done, but I think that every school in America should have breaks and stuff on the same days, and the vacations should be shortened for everyone. This would probably make things a lot easier to coordinate, and there would be no reason to complain. The only reason that kids hate the idea of shortening their summer vacations is because they've all been spoiled.

Heh; I'm disciplining myself this summer. Trust me, if I didn't have a deadline, I'd spend all day on ProtoBowl. xD

Oh, how is the Count of Monte Cristo? I'm going to buy that soon. I just got four Jane Austen books and three other classic novels (Uncle Tom's Cabin, Gulliver's Travels, Call of the Wild/Whitefang), and I have War and Peace, Anna Karenina, and The Brothers Karamazov to read. I'll be occupied until the school year starts. Probably way past then."
"Monte Cristo=good
Jane Austen=bad
American Psycho=disturbing

In other news, I have been noveling and science-ing heavily, and for the record, I enjoy summer. I have some productivity! Yay!"
"It probably is because of our longer summers, really. I think some of my friends in China just started their summer break a week ago. And they come back in early-mid August (?).

My parents told me (a long time ago, I don't know how accurate this is today) that the 5th graders take a...placement test, we'll say, and this splits the group of kids into the 'good' kids and the 'bad' kids. Then in 8th grade, they take another placement test, and it further separates these two groups into 4 groups of kids...

As you can see, these tests are REALLY important to deciding your future in China. Lots of emphasis go toward these tests, from what I gather

When I went to China 3 years ago in mid-late June, my cousin was still in school and he didn't have much time to play, and my other cousin was busy preparing for her placement test. I wound up spending the majority of my time being bored out of my mind watching Chinese kids' shows... ..."
"Disturbing, but very interesting movie. I myself have been watching an excess of movies and TV shows (to name a few movies, Fight Club, Back to the Future (for the third time), Skyfall (also for the third time); and to name a few TV shows, Arrested Development, Firefly, Archer) this summer (as well as holding a full-time research job, slowly working my way through A Dance With Dragons, entertaining guests, and going to SF on a semiregular basis).

Re: Summer break length: Three months is pointless when you're in high school or below, but it's a really good length of time for an internship."
"You could do internships in high school too, or a research camp.

Unfortunately, it seems like all the research camps are only offered to rising seniors

What the hell are all those movies you listed??"
There's nothing wrong with just sitting around and enjoying your summer. That's one more way to get the most out of your summer if your other options don't come through. Just have fun. That's what I always do and it clearly hasn't caused me any problems >.>
Jane Austen = Bad? Uh-oh. I mean, it was a bargain deal - $2.00 per book.
"Yes! We need to unify the American school system, however ambitious it sounds. And YES, PROTOBOWL. I haven't been on in so long, but yes. Just yes. Casey, teach me your ways of motivating yourself!

Monte Cristo is pretty darn awesome. It's so long, but everything is so well-written and the setting (Paris) is so vividly described. Gosh...I love French stuff too much. First Les Mis and now this.

I have a slew of classics I just need to read this summer. Wuthering Heights, Dorian Gray, Notes from Underground, Phantom, Candide, Madame Bovary, Pere Goriot, Don Quixote, and One Hundred Years of Solitude...ah, good thing I live right next to the library. XD I'm also planning on reading some Shakespeare since I saw The Tempest in London, which was really very cool.

And really, George Zimmerman....I don't know what to think."
"Jane Austen on $2 is not bad. If you're reading it for enjoyment, then it's not bad at all. $2 is still pretty steep, though. On the other hand, I live around the clearance rack at Half-Price Books, so my idea of book bargains might be a bit different.
thehydrogenpoptart wrote:
I have a slew of classics I just need to read this summer. Wuthering Heights, Dorian Gray, Notes from Underground, Phantom, Candide, Madame Bovary, Pere Goriot, Don Quixote, and One Hundred Years of Solitude...ah, good thing I live right next to the library. XD I'm also planning on reading some Shakespeare since I saw The Tempest in London, which was really very cool.
I sincerely wish you good luck with that. You're going to need it. I tried reading Don Quixote over the summer a couple years ago and only got through 300 pages. It's one thick book."
"Hahaha, reading everyone's posts about their summers in this thread... I wish I had time to relax and read something other than a chemistry book. I finish Gen Chem I on Monday and get anywhere from 15 minutes to an hour or so before Gen Chem II.

But hey. This is precisely my cup of tea. I'm not complaining at all."
"Yeah, which I've definitely done... it's sort of boring to stay at home for most of the summer, though. Most camps are three to six weeks, which gives you the entire rest of the summer to sit at home. Which is no fun.
You need to watch all of those movies. Fight Club is super famous/good, as is Back to the Future, and Skyfall is the most recent James Bond movie (and therefore super famous, if not good - it was good, just definitely not on the same level as Fight Club). I am actually quite astonished you've never heard of any of them. Seriously, especially Fight Club - that one's as famous as The Godfather. Which, if you haven't seen, you should. And if you haven't heard of it, you need to reconsider your priorities.
zyzzyva98 wrote:
There's nothing wrong with just sitting around and enjoying your summer. That's one more way to get the most out of your summer if your other options don't come through. Just have fun. That's what I always do and it clearly hasn't caused me any problems >.>
Also true - it's not necessary to do anything over the summer. I just personally prefer doing stuff. It's more exciting, especially because with a distinct inability to go anywhere at home (too far to bike, no access to a car), I end up just sitting around - which is, as I've said repeatedly, not very fun."
I can't wait for ACE quiz bowl camp!
JK Rowling wrote a new book!
Starting a science O checklist for studying today! I am so pumped for this year.
"I wish you could tell my mom that >.< I spend 5 hours in the pool on weekdays between practice and work, and she wants me to go to the Y to swim on the days I decide to skip practice/don't have work. I'm afraid at this rate I'm going to burn out half-way through the fall swim season, which is not something I want to do.

Can't find my Japan Bowl flashcards, and almost done with my first college application! Just need to work out a transcript issue and then send the forms in."
"Well, I thought it was a good deal, especially for Barnes & Noble's.

Of those, I have to read Wuthering Heights, Dorian Gray, Candide, Madame Bovary (maybe), Don Quixote, and Cien Años de Soledad. :3 That's definitely not just this summer, though. Reading a ton of classics is just going to be my personal project. .-. I am looking forward to The Brothers Karamazov."
My friends tell me I live under a rock. I guess this is why...never heard of The Godfather...
"Never heard of... The Godfather... O_O I loved that movie. You have to see it.

EDIT: What the heck, America? Really?"
I just found out that we could be living inside a supermassive blackhole!
"I'm so happy!


I don't know, just figured I'd share..."

"At least for Pride and Prejudice, Jane Austen's books are as interesting as you want them to be. If you read it just to read it it'll be boring, but if you interest yourself in the book there's a lot of drama and nice verbal burrrrrns.

I read through LesMis easily, but could only get past 100ish pages of Don Quixote. It started getting very repetitive with him pigeon people off and then getting beat up over and over again..."
"Yeah, I tried reading Don Quixote a while ago, and stopped at around 100 pages because it was Scioly season and everyone was yelling at me to study.
OMG LES MIS! Yeah, that was a fun one to read.
I've never read Jane Austen but all my friends either love or hate her.
And I believe that Casey may be speaking about the Zimmerman trial."
"Yeah, I'm talking about the Zimmerman trial. I don't want to start a debate like before, but I'm really pigeon about the verdict.

I hope I enjoy it, because she's likely to come up in quiz bowl somewhere. I think. .-. It's good to have her under my belt anyways. But I have a long list of classics that I'm going to be reading."
"What really intrigued me was how they couldn't figure out whether it was Trayvon or Zimmerman who was screaming for help in the 911 call.

I mean..."
"Don Quixote is an amazing ballet, I do believe!

What is the Zimmerman trial?"
"The trial where they decided whether or not George Zimmerman was guilty of second-degree when he killed Trayvon Martin last year. They found him not guilty according to Florida's definition of the term as defined in its constitution (or laws? whatever, makes little difference), and therefore that his use of deadly force was permissible under Florida law...

Please please PLEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAASE tell me you know this incident."
I'm sorry that I didn't know....
"I didn't expect you to know of the trial...did you at least know of the incident?

EDIT: I mean the shooting itself"
Yes-ish
"Jane Austen does come up in quizbowl a lot.

And to give some background on the Zimmerman trial, he was a Neighborhood Crime-Watcher and approached a person wearing a hoodie, thinking he looked suspicious. Zimmerman and the boy, Trayvon Martin, had a violent encounter which ended in Zimmerman shooting Trayvon. It turned out that Trayvon had a bag of Skittles and Arizona fruit drink at the time."
"Exactly! And the way Zimmerman's mom was like ""I can tell when my son's screaming""

Well, it's good that my Jane Austen exposure won't be for nothing. xP"
Do you believe Zimmerman's claims of self-defense?
No. Trayvon had a witness (Rachel Jeantel) who was on the phone, and he said that he was being chased by a "creepy-a** cracker". I don't believe that he would randomly start beating him. I believe that it was racism and nothing else. He didn't have to kill him.
"I'm talking about the actual shooting, i.e. if Zimmerman had acted out of self-defense because Trayvon was assaulting him (this is ignoring the circumstances up to the shooting).

The police examining Zimmerman's wounds couldn't find any evidence that showed Zimmerman was lying in that respect

We all know that Zimmerman followed Trayvon to begin with, and if we take that into account, then I do believe Zimmerman was at fault. Just following a guy in the dead of night is asking for trouble. Why didn't he settle his issue (if he did have one) by going to the police like any civil person...?

But as for who started the fight itself, ignoring the circumstances leading up to it, I don't know what to think

I do agree with you that Trayvon did not need to die."
"What makes me the most frustrated about the incident was the recording of the dispatcher/911-phone-answerer telling Zimmerman to not initiate anything with the person (Martin). Yet Zimmerman obviously still approached Martin.

Saw my first DCI competition yesterday. It was awesome and so much better in real life than in video."
":D
How many corps were you there for? Tell me more, tell me more!"
Sometimes Microsoft's stupidity is just overwhelming...
"We arrived as the first intermission started, and then the Blue Stars were on. I missed the Bluecoats because I was getting a shirt/food, but otherwise we saw pretty much all of the top 12. There may have been one or two that weren't there but it was a regional so I doubt it.

The Blue Devil's show was cool, and I found the ending intense, but there was so much going on visually (even compared to last year's show) that it was hard to follow what was going on. Crown deserves the win this year, I think, even though I'm a Cadets fan-girl by heart."
Has anyone else read The Turn of the Screw?
Ah, I really want to. >.>
If you have better books to read, then don't. It's kinda boring. You really just read page after page of the narrator's suspicions and intuitions and stuff about the ghosts...>.>
Has anyone read The Secret Life of Bees by Sue Monk Kidd? It is a really good book.
Oh, well, thanks for warning me. xP It seems important enough for quiz bowl, but I guess a synopsis will do.
"SparkNote it, if you must know what happens. There really isn't a whole lot you'd gain by reading the book itself (I actually found a free online copy...). But a good amount of it really is the narrator describing her own ideas and suspicions...

And it's super-ambiguous. So many possible ways of interpreting what the characters say. It's infuriating"
"A really good book? A really good book? Excuse me, but that has GOT to be one of the most disgustingly horrendous books I have EVER laid eyes on.
...still, to each their own. Just that in my opinion, you could find TONS of better reading material. Such as Twilight, for example."
"Huh. I wonder why it's so historically significant, then. .-.
foreverphysics wrote:
ScienceOlympian wrote:
Has anyone read The Secret Life of Bees by Sue Monk Kidd? It is a really good book.
A really good book? A really good book? Excuse me, but that has GOT to be one of the most disgustingly horrendous books I have EVER laid eyes on.
...still, to each their own. Just that in my opinion, you could find TONS of better reading material. Such as Twilight, for example.
*dies laughing*"
"It's pretty much a ghost story at a time when telling ghost stories was a tradition (esp on Christmas Eve, as in the prologue).

I can only imagine it's known for its ambiguity, double meanings, and suspense. The author kinda left it up to his reader's imagination to 'fill in the gaps' of what he's describing...so imagining what really happened reveals more about yourself than about the story...

Other than that, it's kind of a satire on Victorian English society...

I dunno. I didn't like it. Maybe Wikipedia or SparkNote (esp the historical context section <-- read that) will give you a better idea, but I can't think of any good reason why..."
Is it about bugs?
"No.

I still have 2 presentations to make for summerwork.
And I haven't gotten around to prepping for quizbowl yet."

"Issues that TV, movies, and books should focus on more nowadays (mainly TV):
Bullying
Disabilties and disorders
Losing a loved one
Moving
Divorce
Biasing people
Family
Having a loved one in the military

Issues that TV, movies, and books REALLY focus on nowadays (mainly TV):
DATING
DATING
DATING

I hate it."
What? Did I say something wrong?
Lol, my English teacher actually has recommended Sparknotes on various occasions. It's a great resource to review the plot, get analysis if you missed an in-class discussion, or to check out a book you're interested in reading. That is, assuming you've actually read the book (for the first 2)
"Oh. Well, that's what I did. I glanced at the chapter summaries to get an idea of what I was gonna read and then I read it...(this book's on my summer reading list).

Next up is How to Read Literature like a Professor...

I think a lot of people on here have read it before?"
Oh, that's a great book. It's not exactly one you read for enjoyment so much as learning. But I've learned an awful lot of literary analysis from that book, more than really any high school English class (and it's more fun, too!) For writers, especially, it's a must-read.
I think that the world would be a better place if everyone took the time to realise the positive impact they've had on others. Not in an arrogant way, but more of a "That person's life is better, and I helped him/ her" way. It makes you feel good, and want to do nice things for others more.
"LOL
Wow. I'm just, like, dying. That wasn't an overreaction at all. *cries laughing*"
You don't have to be so cynical...
Me?
Yes.
Let's all relax
I'm sorry, I don't see where I was being cynical. Somehow that doesn't seem like the best word choice for what I said...
In that you saw Cedavis's proposal so ludicrous and quixotic that you burst out laughing
"XD
My post had nothing to do with Cedavis'! I didn't even see that!"
"Oh...okay...nevermind

So you were just laughing for the hell of it?"
"No; I don't like to point things out, but someone somewhere made an extremely unnecessary overreaction when they were A) not in their place to do so, B) very rude, and C) embarrassingly incorrect on a number of levels

That's why I was laughing. But I'm not going to name names or quote anyone.

EDIT: I really love how the Sassy handled it, though. xD"
It would help reach that goal in that more folks would realize that if more folks used a certain two word expression that is so underused nowadays and goes a long way.
THIS. SO MUCH THIS.
"Can anybody explain what Economics Challenge is?

I might try to start this at my school next year...it sounds like something similar to DECA

Gonna try the Chemistry/Biology Olympiads too..."
"Finally finished reading Count of Monte Cristo! Heh, I'm pretty proud of myself for finishing XD
Now I can finally get to reading that new Dan Brown book. Yippeee"
Dan Brown. http://www.prospectmagazine.co.uk/magaz ... vinci-code
"I have had many a discussion with my friends as to the quality of Dan Brown's writing. We've all agreed that, yes, his writing style is quite irritating and repetitive, but for an interesting page-turner, however ill-conceived they may be, I do enjoy his plots. They're original, if nothing more than that. And reading a bestseller once in a while can be refreshing.

And...on a side note...anyone here watch Breaking Bad?"
"My favorite books are Animal Farm and Fahrenheit 451. I also like Siddhartha and The Good Earth.
Does anyone like Shakespeare plays? I just finished Twelfth Night and Romeo and Juliet. I liked Twelfth Night a lot."
"Animal Farm was really awesome, although it was short. Fahrenheit 451... Eh. I mean, it was a very interesting concept, but near the end, I felt as though I had to fight to finish it, because it wasn't... I don't know. Appealing?
I haven't read any plays, unfortunately, but I've watched a couple (Romeo and Juliet, Othello, A Midsummer Night's Dream). I like those. I feel as though I should at least read one. .-.

@hydro: Nonetheless, I'm boycotting him and his books (they seem like a waste of time anyways)."
"I enjoyed Animal Farm.
Anthem is probably the worst book I've ever read though."
Anthem? I've never heard of it (and I guess I'm glad I haven't )
It's a dystopian novel by Ayn Rand, the author who wrote The Fountainhead and Altas Shrugged.
The two best books I ever read in high school classes were Fahrenheit 451 and 1984. This could mean two things: Either I enjoy reading books about dystopian societies where current freedoms and censorships are discussed and put into perspective, or I enjoy reading books with really large numbers in the titles. I'm still trying to figure out which of those is correct.
I liked Brave New World (minus the first few chapters) better than 1984. Just my opinion.
"My favorite two English class books have been Fahrenheit 451 and Catch-22. As a general rule I don't particularly care for dystopian novels (not sure Catch-22 quite counts anyway), so I guess that leaves me with ""fairly big numbers in titles""?
-disappears again-"
"I love Romeo and Juliet, but it would be sooo much better without Romeo and Juliet. (Why, Mercutio, why?)

I actually said this in class:
Teacher: Juliet dies.
Me: And there was great rejoicing..."
Ha. I hate her. I'm probably going to read one or both of those two books, though.
"Houseflies when you're doing dishes are the worst...
I hate bugs so much... They're so disgusting..."
Good thing I'm good at swatting flies!
"The newest addition to the list of fandoms I'm in: sinks.

Houseflies. Ew. I had an infestation of them a few days ago and I've been forced to move my computer."
No idea why, but I really enjoyed reading anthem in class last year (and as someone who protests books in English class, that's saying something.) I recently watched atlas shrugged and now I think I want to read the books too
By protest, do you mean that you hate the books you're forced to read? Because some of the worst books I've read were for English class. *Ahem*A Separate Peace*Ahem*
"Yeah, I usually won't read it if I am forced to.
And separate peace was a terrible book ( at least for the first 2 chapters that I read in class)"
A Separate Peace...was weird. I didn't like it too much, but that's probably because it hardly had much of a plot. The story really centered around and developed Gene and Finny's relationship
"I just saw a post on a certain site (tumblr) that suggested expanding the sink fandom into a furniture fandom... Hm...
Cedavis6 wrote:
I hate bugs so much... They're so disgusting...
I agree... I have an insane fear of bugs! You should have seen me on the nature walk at Wright State How I'm going to do Entomology, I don't know."
The Mets won today!
Just got a new phone
Just got a new viola.
The Gravity Falls season finale is coming!!! It will be epic!!! Journal 1 will be revealed!!! And I also love "This is completely normal." (If you see the commercial, all of this makes sense.)
My birthday!
Happy birthday, 49ers!
I will be happy if I never have to use Career Cruising again....
Finished reading Hamlet today!
Well, you reminded me that I might want to update it. Not that I like it, just that it's something to do.
High five! I love that play.
Career Cruising told me I should be a choreographer. True story.
That always sucked in school..... And it told me to be a Funeral home director.
"Mine gave me more accurate results... I can't look at them right now, and I don't remember my first one (something to do with banking, I think...) but the second one was a special ed teacher, and it said I'd be better at that job, based on my skills. I want to be a children's pastor when I grow up, and that is somewhat close.(Why they don't reorganize/change the list after you do the skills test is beyond me.) I'm testing out of a class that makes me use this website, and I just am done with it! (Thank goodness I finished it today...) It's just SOOO user unfriendly! I'll give them props for the recent update, which made it slightly easier and better looking, but it needs to better sort a lot of things. ESPECIALLY on the school selector. I had to do a report on 3 colleges that I may consider going to. I did the school selector, and since the schools that closest matched my results were not from MI (2 of the colleges had to be from MI in the report). So I go to the close matches, and there's no filter! I have to find them on my own! What's even worse is that most of them did not have the major I'm going for (children's ministry) so I have to sift through those even more!

Needless to say, I'm done. Thank goodness."
Not very similar to DECA; purely knowledge based, multiple choice, very painful if you don't have a very good team...
Hm. Okay. Can you PM me and explain it a little more? (I think someone referred me to you...but I can't seem to remember who...and I forgot to PM you about it too )
"Just signed up for an audition for my local community orchestra. Which is weird, because I'm in middle school and I'm auditioning for an adult orchestra. :O
Now I have to practice my viola all day."
facebook stickers: the new best thing ever
"can i have one?????
also:
pen erasers have lied to me"
I saw my physics teacher at camp today. It was interesting, considering the fact that I saw him a week earlier at band camp. Should I be worried?
I took my BST test today! I hope I passed!

Buisness Services Technology. It's a required course, and I took it over the summer.
"Oh gosh. It gave one of the most obnoxious people in my class a B for modeling, and the most eccentric (as in dropped 73 plastic spoons on the ground in the middle of an awkward silence eccentric or wore top hat and tails - complete with white gloves and a cane - to 8th grade graduation eccentric) person in the class an A for modeling agent, so he was giving the former bad modeling advice. It was absolutely hilarious.
And it claimed that ""Inventor"" was a legitimate career, and I got either a B or C for it."
Ahhh, alright. Good Luck.
Ah, yep, that would have been me. You're welcome, atli
"Right...

atli?"
"winneratlife...? .-.

I have no idea what Career Cruising is."
A career website... I don't like it.
It's always interesting to see what weird stuff those things come up with. The plan told one of my friends he should be a truck driver...
Is this that one site where you 'drive' and stop at various places? Like on a 'road trip' of sorts?
No.
Ah, the joys of your school taking a sledge hammer to your schedule and then losing half of the fragments.
I'm not pleased with my schedule for next year, but eh what are you gonna do?
Considering that I current can't even do my senior project, I will be bothering the counselors quite a bit.
You got your schedule already? Wow
I haven't gotten my schedule yet, although I know what classes I'm taking. I'm not that pleased either, but you're right; what are you gonna do? >.<
At my school you choose your classes...there are required ones you have to take to graduate, of course, but either a) those are given to you automatically and you're guaranteed to be in those classes or b) you make sure yourself that you take those required classes before you graduate, it becomes your responsibility...
I did choose my classes. .-.
Quite. I see no reason to encourage his ego by using "winner".
Oh. Well then...
"But instead, it's flattering that a girl gave me a cute nickname

I'm just trying to make her life hard.

Also, Koko, you know my econ challenge placement gives me bad memories. Why would you do that to me."
"Hey, don't you two see each other? You both go to Stanford

And winner, you got accepted to MIT...so...

Then again, so did Luo.

Suddenly I feel inferior on this thread/site xD"
writing/revising essays late at night...yaaaaaaaaaay
Just trying to make your life hard.
Just tested out of world history...
Just basically finished my summerwork.
I think this just became a ship...
I'm just going to, uh, stand by here and wait for you to get blasted...
OMG SHE SHIPS IT!
"But... but... I'm sorry, but I do ship it... Please don't be mad at me

So, I'm starting to look at colleges, careers, and majors so I can chose the best highschool courses. (I'm going to be a freshman.) Believe it or not based on my personality, I'm currently hoping to go into a career as a forest ranger, environmental concervation officer, or something similar. This is frustrating, especially because of the contradictory college websites and questions about how the training in different schools compare. Any suggestions to make this easier?"

I'm sorry Koko and Winner
"Me & everyone else: *Ducks for cover*
Silverheart: *Screams and runs away*
Koko: Oh no you don't-

BOOM

Told you

I'm sorry, I just had to do that xD

EDIT: while we're discussing Koko here...I went back and saw game 67 (I forget the number, I think it was called ""Partisan Divide""?), and...

Just watched, I'm going to get blasted next"
I probably wouldn't run away... Maybe just shriek apologies and hide behind someone who could protect me.
"Oh no you didn't. You just had to draw everyone into it.

**Goes to friends ranch, retrieves tank.**

**Proceeds to... well... use tank for intended purpose."
Hasn't this been a ship for a while?
"Okay yeah I edited that part, but it couldn't be just the three of us now could it? I mean just me taking cover, that is

Are you going to blast me with that?"
"You do not want to bring that up with her. She still hates me.
silverheart7 wrote:
But... but... I'm sorry, but I do ship it... Please don't be mad at me
EASTstroudsburg13 wrote:
Hasn't this been a ship for a while?
Kokonilly wrote:"
I always thought Koko was a guy for some reason...
"OMG RIGHT
AND NOW KOKO AND WINNER ARE JUST LIKE (CLICK TO SHOW HIDDEN TEXT)
which makes me ship it even more
although tbh i've shipped it for a while lol"
Yay! Shipping!
What is Ron saying?
Finally finished an outline for an incredibly complicated story! I can't wait to start writing it.
visiting Skidmore College today omg so high school
What are you writing? Sorry if you mentioned it earlier. I haven't been keeping up with Scioly lately.
"I'm actually writing a story based on an amazing AMV! It's super detailed and involved, so I'm nervous on how my writing will turn out. When I finish the first chapter, I'll link to it here Thanks for asking!

I also have a novel in progress."
"Oooooh!! Novel! What's it about? XD
I've been trying to do a summer nanowrimo, but failing :/"
My novel? It's realistic fiction and features three main characters. It's... different from most stories, I think. When I'm more sure about it, you'll be the first to hear the official summary
Awesome! I wish you luck with it
I recently wrote a novelette for a contest. .-.
What does everyone think of Jon Negroni's Pixar Theory?
Could be true, I suppose. The theory seems a bit stretched, though. As much as I want an apocalyptic Pixar setting, it doesn't seem that logical. I think the random film relations were more of an Easter egg than something meant to mash the movies together.
I think it's just a fun way of looking at the movies. I don't think the studio made them with that in mind, but that doesn't mean it's not cool to try to find the connections.
I think that it's great that the movies all tie together. With that in mind, it could make it possible for an Avenger-type Pixar movie, combining all the characters. Not sure if it's likely, but it would be one of the most successful movies of all time.
HA! The Pixar theory proves that Boo is important! I've always loved Boo...
I had my first cup of coffee (ever) this morning
Girl trouble is the worst kind of trouble.
When are we anticipating a board rollover? End of next month?
Wow! We got through most of the summer before someone asked that. As always, we'll roll over when the official rules get sent out, which is generally around the end of August.
Apologies for not picking up on the trend. That makes sense.
Just heard of what is probably the worst college on the planet.
"Wow. Pride and Prejudice was a lot better than I expected. Wow. I'm impressed. I kind of want to start Sense and Sensibility now.
Nah.
Gulliver's Travels.

I'm leaving for quiz bowl camp tomorrow! So excited."
You JUST heard of Berkeley?
i lol'd.
"Pensacola Christian College.
Look up their rules."
Ehh, they're definitely more conservative than anywhere else I've ever seen, to the point of being strict. I assume neither of us fully agree with their rules(I don't...) but that doesn't mean you should call them stupid. That's just disrespect...
"Condemning other colleges for using translations other than KJV? (Which pretty much is the Bible in Shakespearean language) No contemporary CHRISTIAN music? No interracial dating? Barely even being able to hang out with others of the opposite gender? Look, I understand that they don't want sin and all, but I learned in health class that people who live in strict homes are more likely to be the ones who do drugs and stuff, because after they leave, they take their freedom too far. I think the same applies for this college.

And Tobymac is not worldly. Lose My Soul. That's not at all a worldly song."
Someone should post a link to the rules here cause I am not a google expert
I didn't call them stupid. Worst meant "scariest"
"Oh. Whoops, my bad! I skimmed over what you read I my mind turned it into scariest it's been a long day, first summer band... Sorry!

And yeah, it's pretty scary that a Christian college band Christian music. And segregates elevates and stairs..."
I can't find the rules...
It's on their main site, called the Pathway book or something. People can't even go off campus without a whole bunch or red tape? Geez. I also found the music rules to be pretty harsh.
"No dancing? Martial Arts? Different stairs, exits, elevators, and parking lots for men and women? Many of my friends are Christian, and many of them do martial arts. In addition, our school dances during the winter during PE. Is that against our beliefs? And why can't men and women use the same stairs or exits? That's really strict and unusual.
And what makes contemporary CHRISTIAN music bad? Isn't it a Christian college?"
"And the funny thing is, it's not a terribly accurate translation, either. Even the widely used NIV--despite having been done by a committee of scholars--is iffy at times.

Anyway, ignoring these folks' site for a minute, I'm a bit baffled they have students at all considering the sixth word on their Wikipedia article led me to stop reading.
unaccredited
I'm probably preaching to the choir here, but accreditation should be the first thing folks look for in a program.
ScienceOlympian wrote:
No dancing? Martial Arts? Different stairs, exits, elevators, and parking lots for men and women? Many of my friends are Christian, and many of them do martial arts. In addition, our school dances during the winter during PE. Is that against our beliefs? And why can't men and women use the same stairs or exits? That's really strict and unusual.
And what makes contemporary CHRISTIAN music bad? Isn't it a Christian college?
The short answer is they're employing a Gnostic belief that anything worldly is bad and to be ignored and separated from. That was dispelled two thousand years ago, but they're free to believe what they want to."
I saw gneissisnice at the library today
"Well. Today was interesting.
So for day camp today we went to the Toledo Zoo. It started out normally, we look at animals, get after the kids, do repetetive headcounts, etc. So we go to lunch, and the counslers are getting Chik-fil-a. This was planned in advance, there are no Chik-fil-as in the zoo. So we had to wait a half an hour for that. (Not complaining, Chik-fil-a's worth it.) Later, my sister tells me that Big Time Rush is there, setting up for a concert. I wasn't quite sure this was true, but later I found out it was, but this was after the day's events. I didn't tell my group this because 1- My group's all guys. I don't think that they would care that much. 2- As I said before, I wasn't really sure it was true. Of course, when you hear stuff like this, people get all starstruck. Apparently people kept saying they saw the band in disguise all around the park. (I didn't hear about these rumours until I got home.) Did I want to see them? Well, I'm not that much of a fan of them, I don't hate 'em, it's just not my style of music. But something in me wanted to see them, because, face it, it would be cool to meet someone famous. But I'm not done yet. Oh no. So we're riding the bus home, and the fuel leaks 20 minutes away from the church. So I had to wait an hour and a half to get back. We were lucky we took 2 buses to get there, otherwise it would have been a mess of kids and stressed counselors waiting for the bus to be repaired."
"I worked this morning, went over my Japan Bowl flashcards a couple times including the new kanji section I just added, helped someone through a friendship problem. None of the fics I'm reading have updated, and I'm bored out of my mind with the books I'm required to read for school (Poisonwood Bible is generic to me and I still have 300 pages to go, and How to Read Literature like a Professor has now devolved into the guy explaining books that fit under each category, then putting a disclaimer at the end of each chapter that they're just his opinions, and everything is so obvious I don't even know what to think anymore.) I've again resorted to digging in the figurative corners and crannies of the archive. Urgh.
Why the heck do good fics stop updating with any sense of frequency the moment I add them to my alert list?"
I just quit debate...no idea what to think/feel right now
"Feel free. Feel like you saved trees (although if you were a laptop debater it didn't matter).

I was in debate all four years of high school and realized too late that I didn't really like it. (Policy debate, that is. Too much cookie-cutting, not enough actual debate) Forensics, on the other hand, is great and you should do that or keep doing that because it allows you so much more freedom and the people are so much nicer. I met some really great people doing forensics and some... not so great people doing debate.

Or maybe that's just Kansas."
"OMFG I KNOW RIGHT. I did Public Forum...so many evidence packets xD I was completely overwhelmed. I felt like I spent more time looking for sources than actually reading the pigeon I have to (I still have that problem somewhat for SO ). I like debates, but I didn't like how I wound up spending a lot of time preparing my cases & speeches, and my performance was...mediocre, I'd say, at least compared to my SO performance. People still think of me as a good debater, but whatevs, I have more time now

Cookie-cutting? o_O

BTW-to all you non-speech/debaters, when he says Forensics, he's referring to public speaking, not the SO event xD

Over here, people are a bit more chill (at least in PF). Yes, it's uber-competitive, but if you get to talk to your opponents outside of round and they connect back you make some friends too. Policy kids are a bit more aloof here though, I believe

How exactly would I continue with Forensics? Without being in speech/debate that is?"
"Getting my school schedule tomorrow. UGH
I hate school so much, and I hate reading. Summer is when I can just play my viola, bassoon, and oboe all day. No stress!
And less than one week until school.
One thing I HATE about my school (I loathe it) is that the PE teachers don't respect your privacy while your changing into PE clothes. If you go into the stalls to change, you get a detention. But I'm pretty sure that most schools are like this too...so yeah. And my school doesn't have a orchestra. So I have to play oboe (my third favorite instrument) during school instead of viola or cello."
To be honest, some part of me wants to go back to school already because I miss all the all of the fun extracurricular activities, ????, and my friends. I'm definitely not ready to do any work though. :l
"Well, I don't watch Doctor Who, but it's on CNN so I'll post it here.

http://edition.cnn.com/2013/08/02/showb ... ?hpt=hp_c3"
I miss school so much D: I just want all of my friends to be a short bike ride away... definitely can't wait for mid-September (though this summer has been awesome).
I got kicked out of junior high debate club because I just was a judge/moderator (we could do that). However, the head of debate club's friends were allowed to. I didn't even like that year of debate - topics were one-sided, the head totally favored her friends, the teacher who oversaw it favored her. I rejoined when it became dialectic - actually, at first just to avoid a bus evac drill.
I'm going to visit Koko daily.
"I worked this morning, went over my Japan Bowl flashcards a couple times including the new kanji section I just added, helped someone through a friendship problem. None of the fics I'm reading have updated, and I'm bored out of my mind with the books I'm required to read for school (Poisonwood Bible is generic to me and I still have 300 pages to go, and How to Read Literature like a Professor has now devolved into the guy explaining books that fit under each category, then putting a disclaimer at the end of each chapter that they're just his opinions, and everything is so obvious I don't even know what to think anymore.) I've again resorted to digging in the figurative corners and crannies of the archive. Urgh.
Why the heck do good fics stop updating with any sense of frequency the moment I add them to my alert list?"
I just quit debate...no idea what to think/feel right now
"Feel free. Feel like you saved trees (although if you were a laptop debater it didn't matter).

I was in debate all four years of high school and realized too late that I didn't really like it. (Policy debate, that is. Too much cookie-cutting, not enough actual debate) Forensics, on the other hand, is great and you should do that or keep doing that because it allows you so much more freedom and the people are so much nicer. I met some really great people doing forensics and some... not so great people doing debate.

Or maybe that's just Kansas."
"OMFG I KNOW RIGHT. I did Public Forum...so many evidence packets xD I was completely overwhelmed. I felt like I spent more time looking for sources than actually reading the pigeon I have to (I still have that problem somewhat for SO ). I like debates, but I didn't like how I wound up spending a lot of time preparing my cases & speeches, and my performance was...mediocre, I'd say, at least compared to my SO performance. People still think of me as a good debater, but whatevs, I have more time now

Cookie-cutting? o_O

BTW-to all you non-speech/debaters, when he says Forensics, he's referring to public speaking, not the SO event xD

Over here, people are a bit more chill (at least in PF). Yes, it's uber-competitive, but if you get to talk to your opponents outside of round and they connect back you make some friends too. Policy kids are a bit more aloof here though, I believe

How exactly would I continue with Forensics? Without being in speech/debate that is?"
"Getting my school schedule tomorrow. UGH
I hate school so much, and I hate reading. Summer is when I can just play my viola, bassoon, and oboe all day. No stress!
And less than one week until school.
One thing I HATE about my school (I loathe it) is that the PE teachers don't respect your privacy while your changing into PE clothes. If you go into the stalls to change, you get a detention. But I'm pretty sure that most schools are like this too...so yeah. And my school doesn't have a orchestra. So I have to play oboe (my third favorite instrument) during school instead of viola or cello."
To be honest, some part of me wants to go back to school already because I miss all the all of the fun extracurricular activities, ????, and my friends. I'm definitely not ready to do any work though. :l
"Well, I don't watch Doctor Who, but it's on CNN so I'll post it here.

http://edition.cnn.com/2013/08/02/showb ... ?hpt=hp_c3"
I miss school so much D: I just want all of my friends to be a short bike ride away... definitely can't wait for mid-September (though this summer has been awesome).
I got kicked out of junior high debate club because I just was a judge/moderator (we could do that). However, the head of debate club's friends were allowed to. I didn't even like that year of debate - topics were one-sided, the head totally favored her friends, the teacher who oversaw it favored her. I rejoined when it became dialectic - actually, at first just to avoid a bus evac drill.
I'm going to visit Koko daily.
"I worked this morning, went over my Japan Bowl flashcards a couple times including the new kanji section I just added, helped someone through a friendship problem. None of the fics I'm reading have updated, and I'm bored out of my mind with the books I'm required to read for school (Poisonwood Bible is generic to me and I still have 300 pages to go, and How to Read Literature like a Professor has now devolved into the guy explaining books that fit under each category, then putting a disclaimer at the end of each chapter that they're just his opinions, and everything is so obvious I don't even know what to think anymore.) I've again resorted to digging in the figurative corners and crannies of the archive. Urgh.
Why the heck do good fics stop updating with any sense of frequency the moment I add them to my alert list?"
I just quit debate...no idea what to think/feel right now
"Feel free. Feel like you saved trees (although if you were a laptop debater it didn't matter).

I was in debate all four years of high school and realized too late that I didn't really like it. (Policy debate, that is. Too much cookie-cutting, not enough actual debate) Forensics, on the other hand, is great and you should do that or keep doing that because it allows you so much more freedom and the people are so much nicer. I met some really great people doing forensics and some... not so great people doing debate.

Or maybe that's just Kansas."
"OMFG I KNOW RIGHT. I did Public Forum...so many evidence packets xD I was completely overwhelmed. I felt like I spent more time looking for sources than actually reading the pigeon I have to (I still have that problem somewhat for SO ). I like debates, but I didn't like how I wound up spending a lot of time preparing my cases & speeches, and my performance was...mediocre, I'd say, at least compared to my SO performance. People still think of me as a good debater, but whatevs, I have more time now

Cookie-cutting? o_O

BTW-to all you non-speech/debaters, when he says Forensics, he's referring to public speaking, not the SO event xD

Over here, people are a bit more chill (at least in PF). Yes, it's uber-competitive, but if you get to talk to your opponents outside of round and they connect back you make some friends too. Policy kids are a bit more aloof here though, I believe

How exactly would I continue with Forensics? Without being in speech/debate that is?"
"Getting my school schedule tomorrow. UGH
I hate school so much, and I hate reading. Summer is when I can just play my viola, bassoon, and oboe all day. No stress!
And less than one week until school.
One thing I HATE about my school (I loathe it) is that the PE teachers don't respect your privacy while your changing into PE clothes. If you go into the stalls to change, you get a detention. But I'm pretty sure that most schools are like this too...so yeah. And my school doesn't have a orchestra. So I have to play oboe (my third favorite instrument) during school instead of viola or cello."
To be honest, some part of me wants to go back to school already because I miss all the all of the fun extracurricular activities, ????, and my friends. I'm definitely not ready to do any work though. :l
"Well, I don't watch Doctor Who, but it's on CNN so I'll post it here.

http://edition.cnn.com/2013/08/02/showb ... ?hpt=hp_c3"
I miss school so much D: I just want all of my friends to be a short bike ride away... definitely can't wait for mid-September (though this summer has been awesome).
I got kicked out of junior high debate club because I just was a judge/moderator (we could do that). However, the head of debate club's friends were allowed to. I didn't even like that year of debate - topics were one-sided, the head totally favored her friends, the teacher who oversaw it favored her. I rejoined when it became dialectic - actually, at first just to avoid a bus evac drill.
I'm going to visit Koko daily.
"I worked this morning, went over my Japan Bowl flashcards a couple times including the new kanji section I just added, helped someone through a friendship problem. None of the fics I'm reading have updated, and I'm bored out of my mind with the books I'm required to read for school (Poisonwood Bible is generic to me and I still have 300 pages to go, and How to Read Literature like a Professor has now devolved into the guy explaining books that fit under each category, then putting a disclaimer at the end of each chapter that they're just his opinions, and everything is so obvious I don't even know what to think anymore.) I've again resorted to digging in the figurative corners and crannies of the archive. Urgh.
Why the heck do good fics stop updating with any sense of frequency the moment I add them to my alert list?"
I just quit debate...no idea what to think/feel right now
"Feel free. Feel like you saved trees (although if you were a laptop debater it didn't matter).

I was in debate all four years of high school and realized too late that I didn't really like it. (Policy debate, that is. Too much cookie-cutting, not enough actual debate) Forensics, on the other hand, is great and you should do that or keep doing that because it allows you so much more freedom and the people are so much nicer. I met some really great people doing forensics and some... not so great people doing debate.

Or maybe that's just Kansas."
"OMFG I KNOW RIGHT. I did Public Forum...so many evidence packets xD I was completely overwhelmed. I felt like I spent more time looking for sources than actually reading the pigeon I have to (I still have that problem somewhat for SO ). I like debates, but I didn't like how I wound up spending a lot of time preparing my cases & speeches, and my performance was...mediocre, I'd say, at least compared to my SO performance. People still think of me as a good debater, but whatevs, I have more time now

Cookie-cutting? o_O

BTW-to all you non-speech/debaters, when he says Forensics, he's referring to public speaking, not the SO event xD

Over here, people are a bit more chill (at least in PF). Yes, it's uber-competitive, but if you get to talk to your opponents outside of round and they connect back you make some friends too. Policy kids are a bit more aloof here though, I believe

How exactly would I continue with Forensics? Without being in speech/debate that is?"
"Getting my school schedule tomorrow. UGH
I hate school so much, and I hate reading. Summer is when I can just play my viola, bassoon, and oboe all day. No stress!
And less than one week until school.
One thing I HATE about my school (I loathe it) is that the PE teachers don't respect your privacy while your changing into PE clothes. If you go into the stalls to change, you get a detention. But I'm pretty sure that most schools are like this too...so yeah. And my school doesn't have a orchestra. So I have to play oboe (my third favorite instrument) during school instead of viola or cello."
To be honest, some part of me wants to go back to school already because I miss all the all of the fun extracurricular activities, ????, and my friends. I'm definitely not ready to do any work though. :l
"Well, I don't watch Doctor Who, but it's on CNN so I'll post it here.

http://edition.cnn.com/2013/08/02/showb ... ?hpt=hp_c3"
I miss school so much D: I just want all of my friends to be a short bike ride away... definitely can't wait for mid-September (though this summer has been awesome).
I got kicked out of junior high debate club because I just was a judge/moderator (we could do that). However, the head of debate club's friends were allowed to. I didn't even like that year of debate - topics were one-sided, the head totally favored her friends, the teacher who oversaw it favored her. I rejoined when it became dialectic - actually, at first just to avoid a bus evac drill.
I'm going to visit Koko daily.
"I worked this morning, went over my Japan Bowl flashcards a couple times including the new kanji section I just added, helped someone through a friendship problem. None of the fics I'm reading have updated, and I'm bored out of my mind with the books I'm required to read for school (Poisonwood Bible is generic to me and I still have 300 pages to go, and How to Read Literature like a Professor has now devolved into the guy explaining books that fit under each category, then putting a disclaimer at the end of each chapter that they're just his opinions, and everything is so obvious I don't even know what to think anymore.) I've again resorted to digging in the figurative corners and crannies of the archive. Urgh.
Why the heck do good fics stop updating with any sense of frequency the moment I add them to my alert list?"
I just quit debate...no idea what to think/feel right now
"Feel free. Feel like you saved trees (although if you were a laptop debater it didn't matter).

I was in debate all four years of high school and realized too late that I didn't really like it. (Policy debate, that is. Too much cookie-cutting, not enough actual debate) Forensics, on the other hand, is great and you should do that or keep doing that because it allows you so much more freedom and the people are so much nicer. I met some really great people doing forensics and some... not so great people doing debate.

Or maybe that's just Kansas."
"OMFG I KNOW RIGHT. I did Public Forum...so many evidence packets xD I was completely overwhelmed. I felt like I spent more time looking for sources than actually reading the pigeon I have to (I still have that problem somewhat for SO ). I like debates, but I didn't like how I wound up spending a lot of time preparing my cases & speeches, and my performance was...mediocre, I'd say, at least compared to my SO performance. People still think of me as a good debater, but whatevs, I have more time now

Cookie-cutting? o_O

BTW-to all you non-speech/debaters, when he says Forensics, he's referring to public speaking, not the SO event xD

Over here, people are a bit more chill (at least in PF). Yes, it's uber-competitive, but if you get to talk to your opponents outside of round and they connect back you make some friends too. Policy kids are a bit more aloof here though, I believe

How exactly would I continue with Forensics? Without being in speech/debate that is?"
"Getting my school schedule tomorrow. UGH
I hate school so much, and I hate reading. Summer is when I can just play my viola, bassoon, and oboe all day. No stress!
And less than one week until school.
One thing I HATE about my school (I loathe it) is that the PE teachers don't respect your privacy while your changing into PE clothes. If you go into the stalls to change, you get a detention. But I'm pretty sure that most schools are like this too...so yeah. And my school doesn't have a orchestra. So I have to play oboe (my third favorite instrument) during school instead of viola or cello."
To be honest, some part of me wants to go back to school already because I miss all the all of the fun extracurricular activities, ????, and my friends. I'm definitely not ready to do any work though. :l
"Well, I don't watch Doctor Who, but it's on CNN so I'll post it here.

http://edition.cnn.com/2013/08/02/showb ... ?hpt=hp_c3"
I miss school so much D: I just want all of my friends to be a short bike ride away... definitely can't wait for mid-September (though this summer has been awesome).
I got kicked out of junior high debate club because I just was a judge/moderator (we could do that). However, the head of debate club's friends were allowed to. I didn't even like that year of debate - topics were one-sided, the head totally favored her friends, the teacher who oversaw it favored her. I rejoined when it became dialectic - actually, at first just to avoid a bus evac drill.
I'm going to visit Koko daily.
"I worked this morning, went over my Japan Bowl flashcards a couple times including the new kanji section I just added, helped someone through a friendship problem. None of the fics I'm reading have updated, and I'm bored out of my mind with the books I'm required to read for school (Poisonwood Bible is generic to me and I still have 300 pages to go, and How to Read Literature like a Professor has now devolved into the guy explaining books that fit under each category, then putting a disclaimer at the end of each chapter that they're just his opinions, and everything is so obvious I don't even know what to think anymore.) I've again resorted to digging in the figurative corners and crannies of the archive. Urgh.
Why the heck do good fics stop updating with any sense of frequency the moment I add them to my alert list?"
I just quit debate...no idea what to think/feel right now
"Feel free. Feel like you saved trees (although if you were a laptop debater it didn't matter).

I was in debate all four years of high school and realized too late that I didn't really like it. (Policy debate, that is. Too much cookie-cutting, not enough actual debate) Forensics, on the other hand, is great and you should do that or keep doing that because it allows you so much more freedom and the people are so much nicer. I met some really great people doing forensics and some... not so great people doing debate.

Or maybe that's just Kansas."
"OMFG I KNOW RIGHT. I did Public Forum...so many evidence packets xD I was completely overwhelmed. I felt like I spent more time looking for sources than actually reading the pigeon I have to (I still have that problem somewhat for SO ). I like debates, but I didn't like how I wound up spending a lot of time preparing my cases & speeches, and my performance was...mediocre, I'd say, at least compared to my SO performance. People still think of me as a good debater, but whatevs, I have more time now

Cookie-cutting? o_O

BTW-to all you non-speech/debaters, when he says Forensics, he's referring to public speaking, not the SO event xD

Over here, people are a bit more chill (at least in PF). Yes, it's uber-competitive, but if you get to talk to your opponents outside of round and they connect back you make some friends too. Policy kids are a bit more aloof here though, I believe

How exactly would I continue with Forensics? Without being in speech/debate that is?"
"Getting my school schedule tomorrow. UGH
I hate school so much, and I hate reading. Summer is when I can just play my viola, bassoon, and oboe all day. No stress!
And less than one week until school.
One thing I HATE about my school (I loathe it) is that the PE teachers don't respect your privacy while your changing into PE clothes. If you go into the stalls to change, you get a detention. But I'm pretty sure that most schools are like this too...so yeah. And my school doesn't have a orchestra. So I have to play oboe (my third favorite instrument) during school instead of viola or cello."
To be honest, some part of me wants to go back to school already because I miss all the all of the fun extracurricular activities, ????, and my friends. I'm definitely not ready to do any work though. :l
"Well, I don't watch Doctor Who, but it's on CNN so I'll post it here.

http://edition.cnn.com/2013/08/02/showb ... ?hpt=hp_c3"
I miss school so much D: I just want all of my friends to be a short bike ride away... definitely can't wait for mid-September (though this summer has been awesome).
I got kicked out of junior high debate club because I just was a judge/moderator (we could do that). However, the head of debate club's friends were allowed to. I didn't even like that year of debate - topics were one-sided, the head totally favored her friends, the teacher who oversaw it favored her. I rejoined when it became dialectic - actually, at first just to avoid a bus evac drill.
I'm going to visit Koko daily.
"I worked this morning, went over my Japan Bowl flashcards a couple times including the new kanji section I just added, helped someone through a friendship problem. None of the fics I'm reading have updated, and I'm bored out of my mind with the books I'm required to read for school (Poisonwood Bible is generic to me and I still have 300 pages to go, and How to Read Literature like a Professor has now devolved into the guy explaining books that fit under each category, then putting a disclaimer at the end of each chapter that they're just his opinions, and everything is so obvious I don't even know what to think anymore.) I've again resorted to digging in the figurative corners and crannies of the archive. Urgh.
Why the heck do good fics stop updating with any sense of frequency the moment I add them to my alert list?"
I just quit debate...no idea what to think/feel right now
"Feel free. Feel like you saved trees (although if you were a laptop debater it didn't matter).

I was in debate all four years of high school and realized too late that I didn't really like it. (Policy debate, that is. Too much cookie-cutting, not enough actual debate) Forensics, on the other hand, is great and you should do that or keep doing that because it allows you so much more freedom and the people are so much nicer. I met some really great people doing forensics and some... not so great people doing debate.

Or maybe that's just Kansas."
"OMFG I KNOW RIGHT. I did Public Forum...so many evidence packets xD I was completely overwhelmed. I felt like I spent more time looking for sources than actually reading the pigeon I have to (I still have that problem somewhat for SO ). I like debates, but I didn't like how I wound up spending a lot of time preparing my cases & speeches, and my performance was...mediocre, I'd say, at least compared to my SO performance. People still think of me as a good debater, but whatevs, I have more time now

Cookie-cutting? o_O

BTW-to all you non-speech/debaters, when he says Forensics, he's referring to public speaking, not the SO event xD

Over here, people are a bit more chill (at least in PF). Yes, it's uber-competitive, but if you get to talk to your opponents outside of round and they connect back you make some friends too. Policy kids are a bit more aloof here though, I believe

How exactly would I continue with Forensics? Without being in speech/debate that is?"
"Getting my school schedule tomorrow. UGH
I hate school so much, and I hate reading. Summer is when I can just play my viola, bassoon, and oboe all day. No stress!
And less than one week until school.
One thing I HATE about my school (I loathe it) is that the PE teachers don't respect your privacy while your changing into PE clothes. If you go into the stalls to change, you get a detention. But I'm pretty sure that most schools are like this too...so yeah. And my school doesn't have a orchestra. So I have to play oboe (my third favorite instrument) during school instead of viola or cello."
To be honest, some part of me wants to go back to school already because I miss all the all of the fun extracurricular activities, ????, and my friends. I'm definitely not ready to do any work though. :l
"Well, I don't watch Doctor Who, but it's on CNN so I'll post it here.

http://edition.cnn.com/2013/08/02/showb ... ?hpt=hp_c3"
I miss school so much D: I just want all of my friends to be a short bike ride away... definitely can't wait for mid-September (though this summer has been awesome).
I got kicked out of junior high debate club because I just was a judge/moderator (we could do that). However, the head of debate club's friends were allowed to. I didn't even like that year of debate - topics were one-sided, the head totally favored her friends, the teacher who oversaw it favored her. I rejoined when it became dialectic - actually, at first just to avoid a bus evac drill.
I'm going to visit Koko daily.
"I worked this morning, went over my Japan Bowl flashcards a couple times including the new kanji section I just added, helped someone through a friendship problem. None of the fics I'm reading have updated, and I'm bored out of my mind with the books I'm required to read for school (Poisonwood Bible is generic to me and I still have 300 pages to go, and How to Read Literature like a Professor has now devolved into the guy explaining books that fit under each category, then putting a disclaimer at the end of each chapter that they're just his opinions, and everything is so obvious I don't even know what to think anymore.) I've again resorted to digging in the figurative corners and crannies of the archive. Urgh.
Why the heck do good fics stop updating with any sense of frequency the moment I add them to my alert list?"
I just quit debate...no idea what to think/feel right now
"Feel free. Feel like you saved trees (although if you were a laptop debater it didn't matter).

I was in debate all four years of high school and realized too late that I didn't really like it. (Policy debate, that is. Too much cookie-cutting, not enough actual debate) Forensics, on the other hand, is great and you should do that or keep doing that because it allows you so much more freedom and the people are so much nicer. I met some really great people doing forensics and some... not so great people doing debate.

Or maybe that's just Kansas."
"OMFG I KNOW RIGHT. I did Public Forum...so many evidence packets xD I was completely overwhelmed. I felt like I spent more time looking for sources than actually reading the pigeon I have to (I still have that problem somewhat for SO ). I like debates, but I didn't like how I wound up spending a lot of time preparing my cases & speeches, and my performance was...mediocre, I'd say, at least compared to my SO performance. People still think of me as a good debater, but whatevs, I have more time now

Cookie-cutting? o_O

BTW-to all you non-speech/debaters, when he says Forensics, he's referring to public speaking, not the SO event xD

Over here, people are a bit more chill (at least in PF). Yes, it's uber-competitive, but if you get to talk to your opponents outside of round and they connect back you make some friends too. Policy kids are a bit more aloof here though, I believe

How exactly would I continue with Forensics? Without being in speech/debate that is?"
"Getting my school schedule tomorrow. UGH
I hate school so much, and I hate reading. Summer is when I can just play my viola, bassoon, and oboe all day. No stress!
And less than one week until school.
One thing I HATE about my school (I loathe it) is that the PE teachers don't respect your privacy while your changing into PE clothes. If you go into the stalls to change, you get a detention. But I'm pretty sure that most schools are like this too...so yeah. And my school doesn't have a orchestra. So I have to play oboe (my third favorite instrument) during school instead of viola or cello."
To be honest, some part of me wants to go back to school already because I miss all the all of the fun extracurricular activities, ????, and my friends. I'm definitely not ready to do any work though. :l
"Well, I don't watch Doctor Who, but it's on CNN so I'll post it here.

http://edition.cnn.com/2013/08/02/showb ... ?hpt=hp_c3"
I miss school so much D: I just want all of my friends to be a short bike ride away... definitely can't wait for mid-September (though this summer has been awesome).
I got kicked out of junior high debate club because I just was a judge/moderator (we could do that). However, the head of debate club's friends were allowed to. I didn't even like that year of debate - topics were one-sided, the head totally favored her friends, the teacher who oversaw it favored her. I rejoined when it became dialectic - actually, at first just to avoid a bus evac drill.
I'm going to visit Koko daily.
"I worked this morning, went over my Japan Bowl flashcards a couple times including the new kanji section I just added, helped someone through a friendship problem. None of the fics I'm reading have updated, and I'm bored out of my mind with the books I'm required to read for school (Poisonwood Bible is generic to me and I still have 300 pages to go, and How to Read Literature like a Professor has now devolved into the guy explaining books that fit under each category, then putting a disclaimer at the end of each chapter that they're just his opinions, and everything is so obvious I don't even know what to think anymore.) I've again resorted to digging in the figurative corners and crannies of the archive. Urgh.
Why the heck do good fics stop updating with any sense of frequency the moment I add them to my alert list?"
I just quit debate...no idea what to think/feel right now
"Feel free. Feel like you saved trees (although if you were a laptop debater it didn't matter).

I was in debate all four years of high school and realized too late that I didn't really like it. (Policy debate, that is. Too much cookie-cutting, not enough actual debate) Forensics, on the other hand, is great and you should do that or keep doing that because it allows you so much more freedom and the people are so much nicer. I met some really great people doing forensics and some... not so great people doing debate.

Or maybe that's just Kansas."
"OMFG I KNOW RIGHT. I did Public Forum...so many evidence packets xD I was completely overwhelmed. I felt like I spent more time looking for sources than actually reading the pigeon I have to (I still have that problem somewhat for SO ). I like debates, but I didn't like how I wound up spending a lot of time preparing my cases & speeches, and my performance was...mediocre, I'd say, at least compared to my SO performance. People still think of me as a good debater, but whatevs, I have more time now

Cookie-cutting? o_O

BTW-to all you non-speech/debaters, when he says Forensics, he's referring to public speaking, not the SO event xD

Over here, people are a bit more chill (at least in PF). Yes, it's uber-competitive, but if you get to talk to your opponents outside of round and they connect back you make some friends too. Policy kids are a bit more aloof here though, I believe

How exactly would I continue with Forensics? Without being in speech/debate that is?"
"Getting my school schedule tomorrow. UGH
I hate school so much, and I hate reading. Summer is when I can just play my viola, bassoon, and oboe all day. No stress!
And less than one week until school.
One thing I HATE about my school (I loathe it) is that the PE teachers don't respect your privacy while your changing into PE clothes. If you go into the stalls to change, you get a detention. But I'm pretty sure that most schools are like this too...so yeah. And my school doesn't have a orchestra. So I have to play oboe (my third favorite instrument) during school instead of viola or cello."
To be honest, some part of me wants to go back to school already because I miss all the all of the fun extracurricular activities, ????, and my friends. I'm definitely not ready to do any work though. :l
"Well, I don't watch Doctor Who, but it's on CNN so I'll post it here.

http://edition.cnn.com/2013/08/02/showb ... ?hpt=hp_c3"
I miss school so much D: I just want all of my friends to be a short bike ride away... definitely can't wait for mid-September (though this summer has been awesome).
I got kicked out of junior high debate club because I just was a judge/moderator (we could do that). However, the head of debate club's friends were allowed to. I didn't even like that year of debate - topics were one-sided, the head totally favored her friends, the teacher who oversaw it favored her. I rejoined when it became dialectic - actually, at first just to avoid a bus evac drill.
I'm going to visit Koko daily.
"I worked this morning, went over my Japan Bowl flashcards a couple times including the new kanji section I just added, helped someone through a friendship problem. None of the fics I'm reading have updated, and I'm bored out of my mind with the books I'm required to read for school (Poisonwood Bible is generic to me and I still have 300 pages to go, and How to Read Literature like a Professor has now devolved into the guy explaining books that fit under each category, then putting a disclaimer at the end of each chapter that they're just his opinions, and everything is so obvious I don't even know what to think anymore.) I've again resorted to digging in the figurative corners and crannies of the archive. Urgh.
Why the heck do good fics stop updating with any sense of frequency the moment I add them to my alert list?"
I just quit debate...no idea what to think/feel right now
"Feel free. Feel like you saved trees (although if you were a laptop debater it didn't matter).

I was in debate all four years of high school and realized too late that I didn't really like it. (Policy debate, that is. Too much cookie-cutting, not enough actual debate) Forensics, on the other hand, is great and you should do that or keep doing that because it allows you so much more freedom and the people are so much nicer. I met some really great people doing forensics and some... not so great people doing debate.

Or maybe that's just Kansas."
"OMFG I KNOW RIGHT. I did Public Forum...so many evidence packets xD I was completely overwhelmed. I felt like I spent more time looking for sources than actually reading the pigeon I have to (I still have that problem somewhat for SO ). I like debates, but I didn't like how I wound up spending a lot of time preparing my cases & speeches, and my performance was...mediocre, I'd say, at least compared to my SO performance. People still think of me as a good debater, but whatevs, I have more time now

Cookie-cutting? o_O

BTW-to all you non-speech/debaters, when he says Forensics, he's referring to public speaking, not the SO event xD

Over here, people are a bit more chill (at least in PF). Yes, it's uber-competitive, but if you get to talk to your opponents outside of round and they connect back you make some friends too. Policy kids are a bit more aloof here though, I believe

How exactly would I continue with Forensics? Without being in speech/debate that is?"
"Getting my school schedule tomorrow. UGH
I hate school so much, and I hate reading. Summer is when I can just play my viola, bassoon, and oboe all day. No stress!
And less than one week until school.
One thing I HATE about my school (I loathe it) is that the PE teachers don't respect your privacy while your changing into PE clothes. If you go into the stalls to change, you get a detention. But I'm pretty sure that most schools are like this too...so yeah. And my school doesn't have a orchestra. So I have to play oboe (my third favorite instrument) during school instead of viola or cello."
To be honest, some part of me wants to go back to school already because I miss all the all of the fun extracurricular activities, ????, and my friends. I'm definitely not ready to do any work though. :l
"Well, I don't watch Doctor Who, but it's on CNN so I'll post it here.

http://edition.cnn.com/2013/08/02/showb ... ?hpt=hp_c3"
I miss school so much D: I just want all of my friends to be a short bike ride away... definitely can't wait for mid-September (though this summer has been awesome).
I got kicked out of junior high debate club because I just was a judge/moderator (we could do that). However, the head of debate club's friends were allowed to. I didn't even like that year of debate - topics were one-sided, the head totally favored her friends, the teacher who oversaw it favored her. I rejoined when it became dialectic - actually, at first just to avoid a bus evac drill.
I'm going to visit Koko daily.
"I worked this morning, went over my Japan Bowl flashcards a couple times including the new kanji section I just added, helped someone through a friendship problem. None of the fics I'm reading have updated, and I'm bored out of my mind with the books I'm required to read for school (Poisonwood Bible is generic to me and I still have 300 pages to go, and How to Read Literature like a Professor has now devolved into the guy explaining books that fit under each category, then putting a disclaimer at the end of each chapter that they're just his opinions, and everything is so obvious I don't even know what to think anymore.) I've again resorted to digging in the figurative corners and crannies of the archive. Urgh.
Why the heck do good fics stop updating with any sense of frequency the moment I add them to my alert list?"
I just quit debate...no idea what to think/feel right now
"Feel free. Feel like you saved trees (although if you were a laptop debater it didn't matter).

I was in debate all four years of high school and realized too late that I didn't really like it. (Policy debate, that is. Too much cookie-cutting, not enough actual debate) Forensics, on the other hand, is great and you should do that or keep doing that because it allows you so much more freedom and the people are so much nicer. I met some really great people doing forensics and some... not so great people doing debate.

Or maybe that's just Kansas."
"OMFG I KNOW RIGHT. I did Public Forum...so many evidence packets xD I was completely overwhelmed. I felt like I spent more time looking for sources than actually reading the pigeon I have to (I still have that problem somewhat for SO ). I like debates, but I didn't like how I wound up spending a lot of time preparing my cases & speeches, and my performance was...mediocre, I'd say, at least compared to my SO performance. People still think of me as a good debater, but whatevs, I have more time now

Cookie-cutting? o_O

BTW-to all you non-speech/debaters, when he says Forensics, he's referring to public speaking, not the SO event xD

Over here, people are a bit more chill (at least in PF). Yes, it's uber-competitive, but if you get to talk to your opponents outside of round and they connect back you make some friends too. Policy kids are a bit more aloof here though, I believe

How exactly would I continue with Forensics? Without being in speech/debate that is?"
"Getting my school schedule tomorrow. UGH
I hate school so much, and I hate reading. Summer is when I can just play my viola, bassoon, and oboe all day. No stress!
And less than one week until school.
One thing I HATE about my school (I loathe it) is that the PE teachers don't respect your privacy while your changing into PE clothes. If you go into the stalls to change, you get a detention. But I'm pretty sure that most schools are like this too...so yeah. And my school doesn't have a orchestra. So I have to play oboe (my third favorite instrument) during school instead of viola or cello."
To be honest, some part of me wants to go back to school already because I miss all the all of the fun extracurricular activities, ????, and my friends. I'm definitely not ready to do any work though. :l
"Well, I don't watch Doctor Who, but it's on CNN so I'll post it here.

http://edition.cnn.com/2013/08/02/showb ... ?hpt=hp_c3"
I miss school so much D: I just want all of my friends to be a short bike ride away... definitely can't wait for mid-September (though this summer has been awesome).
I got kicked out of junior high debate club because I just was a judge/moderator (we could do that). However, the head of debate club's friends were allowed to. I didn't even like that year of debate - topics were one-sided, the head totally favored her friends, the teacher who oversaw it favored her. I rejoined when it became dialectic - actually, at first just to avoid a bus evac drill.
I'm going to visit Koko daily.
"I worked this morning, went over my Japan Bowl flashcards a couple times including the new kanji section I just added, helped someone through a friendship problem. None of the fics I'm reading have updated, and I'm bored out of my mind with the books I'm required to read for school (Poisonwood Bible is generic to me and I still have 300 pages to go, and How to Read Literature like a Professor has now devolved into the guy explaining books that fit under each category, then putting a disclaimer at the end of each chapter that they're just his opinions, and everything is so obvious I don't even know what to think anymore.) I've again resorted to digging in the figurative corners and crannies of the archive. Urgh.
Why the heck do good fics stop updating with any sense of frequency the moment I add them to my alert list?"
I just quit debate...no idea what to think/feel right now
"Feel free. Feel like you saved trees (although if you were a laptop debater it didn't matter).

I was in debate all four years of high school and realized too late that I didn't really like it. (Policy debate, that is. Too much cookie-cutting, not enough actual debate) Forensics, on the other hand, is great and you should do that or keep doing that because it allows you so much more freedom and the people are so much nicer. I met some really great people doing forensics and some... not so great people doing debate.

Or maybe that's just Kansas."
"OMFG I KNOW RIGHT. I did Public Forum...so many evidence packets xD I was completely overwhelmed. I felt like I spent more time looking for sources than actually reading the pigeon I have to (I still have that problem somewhat for SO ). I like debates, but I didn't like how I wound up spending a lot of time preparing my cases & speeches, and my performance was...mediocre, I'd say, at least compared to my SO performance. People still think of me as a good debater, but whatevs, I have more time now

Cookie-cutting? o_O

BTW-to all you non-speech/debaters, when he says Forensics, he's referring to public speaking, not the SO event xD

Over here, people are a bit more chill (at least in PF). Yes, it's uber-competitive, but if you get to talk to your opponents outside of round and they connect back you make some friends too. Policy kids are a bit more aloof here though, I believe

How exactly would I continue with Forensics? Without being in speech/debate that is?"
"Getting my school schedule tomorrow. UGH
I hate school so much, and I hate reading. Summer is when I can just play my viola, bassoon, and oboe all day. No stress!
And less than one week until school.
One thing I HATE about my school (I loathe it) is that the PE teachers don't respect your privacy while your changing into PE clothes. If you go into the stalls to change, you get a detention. But I'm pretty sure that most schools are like this too...so yeah. And my school doesn't have a orchestra. So I have to play oboe (my third favorite instrument) during school instead of viola or cello."
To be honest, some part of me wants to go back to school already because I miss all the all of the fun extracurricular activities, ????, and my friends. I'm definitely not ready to do any work though. :l
"Well, I don't watch Doctor Who, but it's on CNN so I'll post it here.

http://edition.cnn.com/2013/08/02/showb ... ?hpt=hp_c3"
I miss school so much D: I just want all of my friends to be a short bike ride away... definitely can't wait for mid-September (though this summer has been awesome).
I got kicked out of junior high debate club because I just was a judge/moderator (we could do that). However, the head of debate club's friends were allowed to. I didn't even like that year of debate - topics were one-sided, the head totally favored her friends, the teacher who oversaw it favored her. I rejoined when it became dialectic - actually, at first just to avoid a bus evac drill.
I'm going to visit Koko daily.
"I worked this morning, went over my Japan Bowl flashcards a couple times including the new kanji section I just added, helped someone through a friendship problem. None of the fics I'm reading have updated, and I'm bored out of my mind with the books I'm required to read for school (Poisonwood Bible is generic to me and I still have 300 pages to go, and How to Read Literature like a Professor has now devolved into the guy explaining books that fit under each category, then putting a disclaimer at the end of each chapter that they're just his opinions, and everything is so obvious I don't even know what to think anymore.) I've again resorted to digging in the figurative corners and crannies of the archive. Urgh.
Why the heck do good fics stop updating with any sense of frequency the moment I add them to my alert list?"
I just quit debate...no idea what to think/feel right now
"Feel free. Feel like you saved trees (although if you were a laptop debater it didn't matter).

I was in debate all four years of high school and realized too late that I didn't really like it. (Policy debate, that is. Too much cookie-cutting, not enough actual debate) Forensics, on the other hand, is great and you should do that or keep doing that because it allows you so much more freedom and the people are so much nicer. I met some really great people doing forensics and some... not so great people doing debate.

Or maybe that's just Kansas."
"OMFG I KNOW RIGHT. I did Public Forum...so many evidence packets xD I was completely overwhelmed. I felt like I spent more time looking for sources than actually reading the pigeon I have to (I still have that problem somewhat for SO ). I like debates, but I didn't like how I wound up spending a lot of time preparing my cases & speeches, and my performance was...mediocre, I'd say, at least compared to my SO performance. People still think of me as a good debater, but whatevs, I have more time now

Cookie-cutting? o_O

BTW-to all you non-speech/debaters, when he says Forensics, he's referring to public speaking, not the SO event xD

Over here, people are a bit more chill (at least in PF). Yes, it's uber-competitive, but if you get to talk to your opponents outside of round and they connect back you make some friends too. Policy kids are a bit more aloof here though, I believe

How exactly would I continue with Forensics? Without being in speech/debate that is?"
"Getting my school schedule tomorrow. UGH
I hate school so much, and I hate reading. Summer is when I can just play my viola, bassoon, and oboe all day. No stress!
And less than one week until school.
One thing I HATE about my school (I loathe it) is that the PE teachers don't respect your privacy while your changing into PE clothes. If you go into the stalls to change, you get a detention. But I'm pretty sure that most schools are like this too...so yeah. And my school doesn't have a orchestra. So I have to play oboe (my third favorite instrument) during school instead of viola or cello."
To be honest, some part of me wants to go back to school already because I miss all the all of the fun extracurricular activities, ????, and my friends. I'm definitely not ready to do any work though. :l
"Well, I don't watch Doctor Who, but it's on CNN so I'll post it here.

http://edition.cnn.com/2013/08/02/showb ... ?hpt=hp_c3"
I miss school so much D: I just want all of my friends to be a short bike ride away... definitely can't wait for mid-September (though this summer has been awesome).
I got kicked out of junior high debate club because I just was a judge/moderator (we could do that). However, the head of debate club's friends were allowed to. I didn't even like that year of debate - topics were one-sided, the head totally favored her friends, the teacher who oversaw it favored her. I rejoined when it became dialectic - actually, at first just to avoid a bus evac drill.
I'm going to visit Koko daily.
"I worked this morning, went over my Japan Bowl flashcards a couple times including the new kanji section I just added, helped someone through a friendship problem. None of the fics I'm reading have updated, and I'm bored out of my mind with the books I'm required to read for school (Poisonwood Bible is generic to me and I still have 300 pages to go, and How to Read Literature like a Professor has now devolved into the guy explaining books that fit under each category, then putting a disclaimer at the end of each chapter that they're just his opinions, and everything is so obvious I don't even know what to think anymore.) I've again resorted to digging in the figurative corners and crannies of the archive. Urgh.
Why the heck do good fics stop updating with any sense of frequency the moment I add them to my alert list?"
I just quit debate...no idea what to think/feel right now
"Feel free. Feel like you saved trees (although if you were a laptop debater it didn't matter).

I was in debate all four years of high school and realized too late that I didn't really like it. (Policy debate, that is. Too much cookie-cutting, not enough actual debate) Forensics, on the other hand, is great and you should do that or keep doing that because it allows you so much more freedom and the people are so much nicer. I met some really great people doing forensics and some... not so great people doing debate.

Or maybe that's just Kansas."
"OMFG I KNOW RIGHT. I did Public Forum...so many evidence packets xD I was completely overwhelmed. I felt like I spent more time looking for sources than actually reading the pigeon I have to (I still have that problem somewhat for SO ). I like debates, but I didn't like how I wound up spending a lot of time preparing my cases & speeches, and my performance was...mediocre, I'd say, at least compared to my SO performance. People still think of me as a good debater, but whatevs, I have more time now

Cookie-cutting? o_O

BTW-to all you non-speech/debaters, when he says Forensics, he's referring to public speaking, not the SO event xD

Over here, people are a bit more chill (at least in PF). Yes, it's uber-competitive, but if you get to talk to your opponents outside of round and they connect back you make some friends too. Policy kids are a bit more aloof here though, I believe

How exactly would I continue with Forensics? Without being in speech/debate that is?"
"Getting my school schedule tomorrow. UGH
I hate school so much, and I hate reading. Summer is when I can just play my viola, bassoon, and oboe all day. No stress!
And less than one week until school.
One thing I HATE about my school (I loathe it) is that the PE teachers don't respect your privacy while your changing into PE clothes. If you go into the stalls to change, you get a detention. But I'm pretty sure that most schools are like this too...so yeah. And my school doesn't have a orchestra. So I have to play oboe (my third favorite instrument) during school instead of viola or cello."
To be honest, some part of me wants to go back to school already because I miss all the all of the fun extracurricular activities, ????, and my friends. I'm definitely not ready to do any work though. :l
"Well, I don't watch Doctor Who, but it's on CNN so I'll post it here.

http://edition.cnn.com/2013/08/02/showb ... ?hpt=hp_c3"
I miss school so much D: I just want all of my friends to be a short bike ride away... definitely can't wait for mid-September (though this summer has been awesome).
I got kicked out of junior high debate club because I just was a judge/moderator (we could do that). However, the head of debate club's friends were allowed to. I didn't even like that year of debate - topics were one-sided, the head totally favored her friends, the teacher who oversaw it favored her. I rejoined when it became dialectic - actually, at first just to avoid a bus evac drill.
I'm going to visit Koko daily.
"I worked this morning, went over my Japan Bowl flashcards a couple times including the new kanji section I just added, helped someone through a friendship problem. None of the fics I'm reading have updated, and I'm bored out of my mind with the books I'm required to read for school (Poisonwood Bible is generic to me and I still have 300 pages to go, and How to Read Literature like a Professor has now devolved into the guy explaining books that fit under each category, then putting a disclaimer at the end of each chapter that they're just his opinions, and everything is so obvious I don't even know what to think anymore.) I've again resorted to digging in the figurative corners and crannies of the archive. Urgh.
Why the heck do good fics stop updating with any sense of frequency the moment I add them to my alert list?"
I just quit debate...no idea what to think/feel right now
"Feel free. Feel like you saved trees (although if you were a laptop debater it didn't matter).

I was in debate all four years of high school and realized too late that I didn't really like it. (Policy debate, that is. Too much cookie-cutting, not enough actual debate) Forensics, on the other hand, is great and you should do that or keep doing that because it allows you so much more freedom and the people are so much nicer. I met some really great people doing forensics and some... not so great people doing debate.

Or maybe that's just Kansas."
"OMFG I KNOW RIGHT. I did Public Forum...so many evidence packets xD I was completely overwhelmed. I felt like I spent more time looking for sources than actually reading the pigeon I have to (I still have that problem somewhat for SO ). I like debates, but I didn't like how I wound up spending a lot of time preparing my cases & speeches, and my performance was...mediocre, I'd say, at least compared to my SO performance. People still think of me as a good debater, but whatevs, I have more time now

Cookie-cutting? o_O

BTW-to all you non-speech/debaters, when he says Forensics, he's referring to public speaking, not the SO event xD

Over here, people are a bit more chill (at least in PF). Yes, it's uber-competitive, but if you get to talk to your opponents outside of round and they connect back you make some friends too. Policy kids are a bit more aloof here though, I believe

How exactly would I continue with Forensics? Without being in speech/debate that is?"
"Getting my school schedule tomorrow. UGH
I hate school so much, and I hate reading. Summer is when I can just play my viola, bassoon, and oboe all day. No stress!
And less than one week until school.
One thing I HATE about my school (I loathe it) is that the PE teachers don't respect your privacy while your changing into PE clothes. If you go into the stalls to change, you get a detention. But I'm pretty sure that most schools are like this too...so yeah. And my school doesn't have a orchestra. So I have to play oboe (my third favorite instrument) during school instead of viola or cello."
To be honest, some part of me wants to go back to school already because I miss all the all of the fun extracurricular activities, ????, and my friends. I'm definitely not ready to do any work though. :l
"Well, I don't watch Doctor Who, but it's on CNN so I'll post it here.

http://edition.cnn.com/2013/08/02/showb ... ?hpt=hp_c3"
I miss school so much D: I just want all of my friends to be a short bike ride away... definitely can't wait for mid-September (though this summer has been awesome).
I got kicked out of junior high debate club because I just was a judge/moderator (we could do that). However, the head of debate club's friends were allowed to. I didn't even like that year of debate - topics were one-sided, the head totally favored her friends, the teacher who oversaw it favored her. I rejoined when it became dialectic - actually, at first just to avoid a bus evac drill.
I'm going to visit Koko daily.
"I worked this morning, went over my Japan Bowl flashcards a couple times including the new kanji section I just added, helped someone through a friendship problem. None of the fics I'm reading have updated, and I'm bored out of my mind with the books I'm required to read for school (Poisonwood Bible is generic to me and I still have 300 pages to go, and How to Read Literature like a Professor has now devolved into the guy explaining books that fit under each category, then putting a disclaimer at the end of each chapter that they're just his opinions, and everything is so obvious I don't even know what to think anymore.) I've again resorted to digging in the figurative corners and crannies of the archive. Urgh.
Why the heck do good fics stop updating with any sense of frequency the moment I add them to my alert list?"
I just quit debate...no idea what to think/feel right now
"Feel free. Feel like you saved trees (although if you were a laptop debater it didn't matter).

I was in debate all four years of high school and realized too late that I didn't really like it. (Policy debate, that is. Too much cookie-cutting, not enough actual debate) Forensics, on the other hand, is great and you should do that or keep doing that because it allows you so much more freedom and the people are so much nicer. I met some really great people doing forensics and some... not so great people doing debate.

Or maybe that's just Kansas."
"OMFG I KNOW RIGHT. I did Public Forum...so many evidence packets xD I was completely overwhelmed. I felt like I spent more time looking for sources than actually reading the pigeon I have to (I still have that problem somewhat for SO ). I like debates, but I didn't like how I wound up spending a lot of time preparing my cases & speeches, and my performance was...mediocre, I'd say, at least compared to my SO performance. People still think of me as a good debater, but whatevs, I have more time now

Cookie-cutting? o_O

BTW-to all you non-speech/debaters, when he says Forensics, he's referring to public speaking, not the SO event xD

Over here, people are a bit more chill (at least in PF). Yes, it's uber-competitive, but if you get to talk to your opponents outside of round and they connect back you make some friends too. Policy kids are a bit more aloof here though, I believe

How exactly would I continue with Forensics? Without being in speech/debate that is?"
"Getting my school schedule tomorrow. UGH
I hate school so much, and I hate reading. Summer is when I can just play my viola, bassoon, and oboe all day. No stress!
And less than one week until school.
One thing I HATE about my school (I loathe it) is that the PE teachers don't respect your privacy while your changing into PE clothes. If you go into the stalls to change, you get a detention. But I'm pretty sure that most schools are like this too...so yeah. And my school doesn't have a orchestra. So I have to play oboe (my third favorite instrument) during school instead of viola or cello."
To be honest, some part of me wants to go back to school already because I miss all the all of the fun extracurricular activities, ????, and my friends. I'm definitely not ready to do any work though. :l
"Well, I don't watch Doctor Who, but it's on CNN so I'll post it here.

http://edition.cnn.com/2013/08/02/showb ... ?hpt=hp_c3"
I miss school so much D: I just want all of my friends to be a short bike ride away... definitely can't wait for mid-September (though this summer has been awesome).
I got kicked out of junior high debate club because I just was a judge/moderator (we could do that). However, the head of debate club's friends were allowed to. I didn't even like that year of debate - topics were one-sided, the head totally favored her friends, the teacher who oversaw it favored her. I rejoined when it became dialectic - actually, at first just to avoid a bus evac drill.
I'm going to visit Koko daily.
"I worked this morning, went over my Japan Bowl flashcards a couple times including the new kanji section I just added, helped someone through a friendship problem. None of the fics I'm reading have updated, and I'm bored out of my mind with the books I'm required to read for school (Poisonwood Bible is generic to me and I still have 300 pages to go, and How to Read Literature like a Professor has now devolved into the guy explaining books that fit under each category, then putting a disclaimer at the end of each chapter that they're just his opinions, and everything is so obvious I don't even know what to think anymore.) I've again resorted to digging in the figurative corners and crannies of the archive. Urgh.
Why the heck do good fics stop updating with any sense of frequency the moment I add them to my alert list?"
I just quit debate...no idea what to think/feel right now
"Feel free. Feel like you saved trees (although if you were a laptop debater it didn't matter).

I was in debate all four years of high school and realized too late that I didn't really like it. (Policy debate, that is. Too much cookie-cutting, not enough actual debate) Forensics, on the other hand, is great and you should do that or keep doing that because it allows you so much more freedom and the people are so much nicer. I met some really great people doing forensics and some... not so great people doing debate.

Or maybe that's just Kansas."
"OMFG I KNOW RIGHT. I did Public Forum...so many evidence packets xD I was completely overwhelmed. I felt like I spent more time looking for sources than actually reading the pigeon I have to (I still have that problem somewhat for SO ). I like debates, but I didn't like how I wound up spending a lot of time preparing my cases & speeches, and my performance was...mediocre, I'd say, at least compared to my SO performance. People still think of me as a good debater, but whatevs, I have more time now

Cookie-cutting? o_O

BTW-to all you non-speech/debaters, when he says Forensics, he's referring to public speaking, not the SO event xD

Over here, people are a bit more chill (at least in PF). Yes, it's uber-competitive, but if you get to talk to your opponents outside of round and they connect back you make some friends too. Policy kids are a bit more aloof here though, I believe

How exactly would I continue with Forensics? Without being in speech/debate that is?"
"Getting my school schedule tomorrow. UGH
I hate school so much, and I hate reading. Summer is when I can just play my viola, bassoon, and oboe all day. No stress!
And less than one week until school.
One thing I HATE about my school (I loathe it) is that the PE teachers don't respect your privacy while your changing into PE clothes. If you go into the stalls to change, you get a detention. But I'm pretty sure that most schools are like this too...so yeah. And my school doesn't have a orchestra. So I have to play oboe (my third favorite instrument) during school instead of viola or cello."
To be honest, some part of me wants to go back to school already because I miss all the all of the fun extracurricular activities, ????, and my friends. I'm definitely not ready to do any work though. :l
"Well, I don't watch Doctor Who, but it's on CNN so I'll post it here.

http://edition.cnn.com/2013/08/02/showb ... ?hpt=hp_c3"
I miss school so much D: I just want all of my friends to be a short bike ride away... definitely can't wait for mid-September (though this summer has been awesome).
I got kicked out of junior high debate club because I just was a judge/moderator (we could do that). However, the head of debate club's friends were allowed to. I didn't even like that year of debate - topics were one-sided, the head totally favored her friends, the teacher who oversaw it favored her. I rejoined when it became dialectic - actually, at first just to avoid a bus evac drill.
I'm going to visit Koko daily.
"I worked this morning, went over my Japan Bowl flashcards a couple times including the new kanji section I just added, helped someone through a friendship problem. None of the fics I'm reading have updated, and I'm bored out of my mind with the books I'm required to read for school (Poisonwood Bible is generic to me and I still have 300 pages to go, and How to Read Literature like a Professor has now devolved into the guy explaining books that fit under each category, then putting a disclaimer at the end of each chapter that they're just his opinions, and everything is so obvious I don't even know what to think anymore.) I've again resorted to digging in the figurative corners and crannies of the archive. Urgh.
Why the heck do good fics stop updating with any sense of frequency the moment I add them to my alert list?"
I just quit debate...no idea what to think/feel right now
"Feel free. Feel like you saved trees (although if you were a laptop debater it didn't matter).

I was in debate all four years of high school and realized too late that I didn't really like it. (Policy debate, that is. Too much cookie-cutting, not enough actual debate) Forensics, on the other hand, is great and you should do that or keep doing that because it allows you so much more freedom and the people are so much nicer. I met some really great people doing forensics and some... not so great people doing debate.

Or maybe that's just Kansas."
"OMFG I KNOW RIGHT. I did Public Forum...so many evidence packets xD I was completely overwhelmed. I felt like I spent more time looking for sources than actually reading the pigeon I have to (I still have that problem somewhat for SO ). I like debates, but I didn't like how I wound up spending a lot of time preparing my cases & speeches, and my performance was...mediocre, I'd say, at least compared to my SO performance. People still think of me as a good debater, but whatevs, I have more time now

Cookie-cutting? o_O

BTW-to all you non-speech/debaters, when he says Forensics, he's referring to public speaking, not the SO event xD

Over here, people are a bit more chill (at least in PF). Yes, it's uber-competitive, but if you get to talk to your opponents outside of round and they connect back you make some friends too. Policy kids are a bit more aloof here though, I believe

How exactly would I continue with Forensics? Without being in speech/debate that is?"
"Getting my school schedule tomorrow. UGH
I hate school so much, and I hate reading. Summer is when I can just play my viola, bassoon, and oboe all day. No stress!
And less than one week until school.
One thing I HATE about my school (I loathe it) is that the PE teachers don't respect your privacy while your changing into PE clothes. If you go into the stalls to change, you get a detention. But I'm pretty sure that most schools are like this too...so yeah. And my school doesn't have a orchestra. So I have to play oboe (my third favorite instrument) during school instead of viola or cello."
To be honest, some part of me wants to go back to school already because I miss all the all of the fun extracurricular activities, ????, and my friends. I'm definitely not ready to do any work though. :l
"Well, I don't watch Doctor Who, but it's on CNN so I'll post it here.

http://edition.cnn.com/2013/08/02/showb ... ?hpt=hp_c3"
I miss school so much D: I just want all of my friends to be a short bike ride away... definitely can't wait for mid-September (though this summer has been awesome).
I got kicked out of junior high debate club because I just was a judge/moderator (we could do that). However, the head of debate club's friends were allowed to. I didn't even like that year of debate - topics were one-sided, the head totally favored her friends, the teacher who oversaw it favored her. I rejoined when it became dialectic - actually, at first just to avoid a bus evac drill.
I'm going to visit Koko daily.
"I worked this morning, went over my Japan Bowl flashcards a couple times including the new kanji section I just added, helped someone through a friendship problem. None of the fics I'm reading have updated, and I'm bored out of my mind with the books I'm required to read for school (Poisonwood Bible is generic to me and I still have 300 pages to go, and How to Read Literature like a Professor has now devolved into the guy explaining books that fit under each category, then putting a disclaimer at the end of each chapter that they're just his opinions, and everything is so obvious I don't even know what to think anymore.) I've again resorted to digging in the figurative corners and crannies of the archive. Urgh.
Why the heck do good fics stop updating with any sense of frequency the moment I add them to my alert list?"
I just quit debate...no idea what to think/feel right now
"Feel free. Feel like you saved trees (although if you were a laptop debater it didn't matter).

I was in debate all four years of high school and realized too late that I didn't really like it. (Policy debate, that is. Too much cookie-cutting, not enough actual debate) Forensics, on the other hand, is great and you should do that or keep doing that because it allows you so much more freedom and the people are so much nicer. I met some really great people doing forensics and some... not so great people doing debate.

Or maybe that's just Kansas."
"OMFG I KNOW RIGHT. I did Public Forum...so many evidence packets xD I was completely overwhelmed. I felt like I spent more time looking for sources than actually reading the pigeon I have to (I still have that problem somewhat for SO ). I like debates, but I didn't like how I wound up spending a lot of time preparing my cases & speeches, and my performance was...mediocre, I'd say, at least compared to my SO performance. People still think of me as a good debater, but whatevs, I have more time now

Cookie-cutting? o_O

BTW-to all you non-speech/debaters, when he says Forensics, he's referring to public speaking, not the SO event xD

Over here, people are a bit more chill (at least in PF). Yes, it's uber-competitive, but if you get to talk to your opponents outside of round and they connect back you make some friends too. Policy kids are a bit more aloof here though, I believe

How exactly would I continue with Forensics? Without being in speech/debate that is?"
"Getting my school schedule tomorrow. UGH
I hate school so much, and I hate reading. Summer is when I can just play my viola, bassoon, and oboe all day. No stress!
And less than one week until school.
One thing I HATE about my school (I loathe it) is that the PE teachers don't respect your privacy while your changing into PE clothes. If you go into the stalls to change, you get a detention. But I'm pretty sure that most schools are like this too...so yeah. And my school doesn't have a orchestra. So I have to play oboe (my third favorite instrument) during school instead of viola or cello."
To be honest, some part of me wants to go back to school already because I miss all the all of the fun extracurricular activities, ????, and my friends. I'm definitely not ready to do any work though. :l
"Well, I don't watch Doctor Who, but it's on CNN so I'll post it here.

http://edition.cnn.com/2013/08/02/showb ... ?hpt=hp_c3"
I miss school so much D: I just want all of my friends to be a short bike ride away... definitely can't wait for mid-September (though this summer has been awesome).
I got kicked out of junior high debate club because I just was a judge/moderator (we could do that). However, the head of debate club's friends were allowed to. I didn't even like that year of debate - topics were one-sided, the head totally favored her friends, the teacher who oversaw it favored her. I rejoined when it became dialectic - actually, at first just to avoid a bus evac drill.
I'm going to visit Koko daily.
"I worked this morning, went over my Japan Bowl flashcards a couple times including the new kanji section I just added, helped someone through a friendship problem. None of the fics I'm reading have updated, and I'm bored out of my mind with the books I'm required to read for school (Poisonwood Bible is generic to me and I still have 300 pages to go, and How to Read Literature like a Professor has now devolved into the guy explaining books that fit under each category, then putting a disclaimer at the end of each chapter that they're just his opinions, and everything is so obvious I don't even know what to think anymore.) I've again resorted to digging in the figurative corners and crannies of the archive. Urgh.
Why the heck do good fics stop updating with any sense of frequency the moment I add them to my alert list?"
I just quit debate...no idea what to think/feel right now
"Feel free. Feel like you saved trees (although if you were a laptop debater it didn't matter).

I was in debate all four years of high school and realized too late that I didn't really like it. (Policy debate, that is. Too much cookie-cutting, not enough actual debate) Forensics, on the other hand, is great and you should do that or keep doing that because it allows you so much more freedom and the people are so much nicer. I met some really great people doing forensics and some... not so great people doing debate.

Or maybe that's just Kansas."
"OMFG I KNOW RIGHT. I did Public Forum...so many evidence packets xD I was completely overwhelmed. I felt like I spent more time looking for sources than actually reading the pigeon I have to (I still have that problem somewhat for SO ). I like debates, but I didn't like how I wound up spending a lot of time preparing my cases & speeches, and my performance was...mediocre, I'd say, at least compared to my SO performance. People still think of me as a good debater, but whatevs, I have more time now

Cookie-cutting? o_O

BTW-to all you non-speech/debaters, when he says Forensics, he's referring to public speaking, not the SO event xD

Over here, people are a bit more chill (at least in PF). Yes, it's uber-competitive, but if you get to talk to your opponents outside of round and they connect back you make some friends too. Policy kids are a bit more aloof here though, I believe

How exactly would I continue with Forensics? Without being in speech/debate that is?"
"Getting my school schedule tomorrow. UGH
I hate school so much, and I hate reading. Summer is when I can just play my viola, bassoon, and oboe all day. No stress!
And less than one week until school.
One thing I HATE about my school (I loathe it) is that the PE teachers don't respect your privacy while your changing into PE clothes. If you go into the stalls to change, you get a detention. But I'm pretty sure that most schools are like this too...so yeah. And my school doesn't have a orchestra. So I have to play oboe (my third favorite instrument) during school instead of viola or cello."
To be honest, some part of me wants to go back to school already because I miss all the all of the fun extracurricular activities, ????, and my friends. I'm definitely not ready to do any work though. :l
"Well, I don't watch Doctor Who, but it's on CNN so I'll post it here.

http://edition.cnn.com/2013/08/02/showb ... ?hpt=hp_c3"
I miss school so much D: I just want all of my friends to be a short bike ride away... definitely can't wait for mid-September (though this summer has been awesome).
I got kicked out of junior high debate club because I just was a judge/moderator (we could do that). However, the head of debate club's friends were allowed to. I didn't even like that year of debate - topics were one-sided, the head totally favored her friends, the teacher who oversaw it favored her. I rejoined when it became dialectic - actually, at first just to avoid a bus evac drill.
I'm going to visit Koko daily.
"I worked this morning, went over my Japan Bowl flashcards a couple times including the new kanji section I just added, helped someone through a friendship problem. None of the fics I'm reading have updated, and I'm bored out of my mind with the books I'm required to read for school (Poisonwood Bible is generic to me and I still have 300 pages to go, and How to Read Literature like a Professor has now devolved into the guy explaining books that fit under each category, then putting a disclaimer at the end of each chapter that they're just his opinions, and everything is so obvious I don't even know what to think anymore.) I've again resorted to digging in the figurative corners and crannies of the archive. Urgh.
Why the heck do good fics stop updating with any sense of frequency the moment I add them to my alert list?"
I just quit debate...no idea what to think/feel right now
"Feel free. Feel like you saved trees (although if you were a laptop debater it didn't matter).

I was in debate all four years of high school and realized too late that I didn't really like it. (Policy debate, that is. Too much cookie-cutting, not enough actual debate) Forensics, on the other hand, is great and you should do that or keep doing that because it allows you so much more freedom and the people are so much nicer. I met some really great people doing forensics and some... not so great people doing debate.

Or maybe that's just Kansas."
"OMFG I KNOW RIGHT. I did Public Forum...so many evidence packets xD I was completely overwhelmed. I felt like I spent more time looking for sources than actually reading the pigeon I have to (I still have that problem somewhat for SO ). I like debates, but I didn't like how I wound up spending a lot of time preparing my cases & speeches, and my performance was...mediocre, I'd say, at least compared to my SO performance. People still think of me as a good debater, but whatevs, I have more time now

Cookie-cutting? o_O

BTW-to all you non-speech/debaters, when he says Forensics, he's referring to public speaking, not the SO event xD

Over here, people are a bit more chill (at least in PF). Yes, it's uber-competitive, but if you get to talk to your opponents outside of round and they connect back you make some friends too. Policy kids are a bit more aloof here though, I believe

How exactly would I continue with Forensics? Without being in speech/debate that is?"
"Getting my school schedule tomorrow. UGH
I hate school so much, and I hate reading. Summer is when I can just play my viola, bassoon, and oboe all day. No stress!
And less than one week until school.
One thing I HATE about my school (I loathe it) is that the PE teachers don't respect your privacy while your changing into PE clothes. If you go into the stalls to change, you get a detention. But I'm pretty sure that most schools are like this too...so yeah. And my school doesn't have a orchestra. So I have to play oboe (my third favorite instrument) during school instead of viola or cello."
To be honest, some part of me wants to go back to school already because I miss all the all of the fun extracurricular activities, ????, and my friends. I'm definitely not ready to do any work though. :l
"Well, I don't watch Doctor Who, but it's on CNN so I'll post it here.

http://edition.cnn.com/2013/08/02/showb ... ?hpt=hp_c3"
I miss school so much D: I just want all of my friends to be a short bike ride away... definitely can't wait for mid-September (though this summer has been awesome).
I got kicked out of junior high debate club because I just was a judge/moderator (we could do that). However, the head of debate club's friends were allowed to. I didn't even like that year of debate - topics were one-sided, the head totally favored her friends, the teacher who oversaw it favored her. I rejoined when it became dialectic - actually, at first just to avoid a bus evac drill.
I'm going to visit Koko daily.
"I worked this morning, went over my Japan Bowl flashcards a couple times including the new kanji section I just added, helped someone through a friendship problem. None of the fics I'm reading have updated, and I'm bored out of my mind with the books I'm required to read for school (Poisonwood Bible is generic to me and I still have 300 pages to go, and How to Read Literature like a Professor has now devolved into the guy explaining books that fit under each category, then putting a disclaimer at the end of each chapter that they're just his opinions, and everything is so obvious I don't even know what to think anymore.) I've again resorted to digging in the figurative corners and crannies of the archive. Urgh.
Why the heck do good fics stop updating with any sense of frequency the moment I add them to my alert list?"
I just quit debate...no idea what to think/feel right now
"Feel free. Feel like you saved trees (although if you were a laptop debater it didn't matter).

I was in debate all four years of high school and realized too late that I didn't really like it. (Policy debate, that is. Too much cookie-cutting, not enough actual debate) Forensics, on the other hand, is great and you should do that or keep doing that because it allows you so much more freedom and the people are so much nicer. I met some really great people doing forensics and some... not so great people doing debate.

Or maybe that's just Kansas."
"OMFG I KNOW RIGHT. I did Public Forum...so many evidence packets xD I was completely overwhelmed. I felt like I spent more time looking for sources than actually reading the pigeon I have to (I still have that problem somewhat for SO ). I like debates, but I didn't like how I wound up spending a lot of time preparing my cases & speeches, and my performance was...mediocre, I'd say, at least compared to my SO performance. People still think of me as a good debater, but whatevs, I have more time now

Cookie-cutting? o_O

BTW-to all you non-speech/debaters, when he says Forensics, he's referring to public speaking, not the SO event xD

Over here, people are a bit more chill (at least in PF). Yes, it's uber-competitive, but if you get to talk to your opponents outside of round and they connect back you make some friends too. Policy kids are a bit more aloof here though, I believe

How exactly would I continue with Forensics? Without being in speech/debate that is?"
"Getting my school schedule tomorrow. UGH
I hate school so much, and I hate reading. Summer is when I can just play my viola, bassoon, and oboe all day. No stress!
And less than one week until school.
One thing I HATE about my school (I loathe it) is that the PE teachers don't respect your privacy while your changing into PE clothes. If you go into the stalls to change, you get a detention. But I'm pretty sure that most schools are like this too...so yeah. And my school doesn't have a orchestra. So I have to play oboe (my third favorite instrument) during school instead of viola or cello."
To be honest, some part of me wants to go back to school already because I miss all the all of the fun extracurricular activities, ????, and my friends. I'm definitely not ready to do any work though. :l
"Well, I don't watch Doctor Who, but it's on CNN so I'll post it here.

http://edition.cnn.com/2013/08/02/showb ... ?hpt=hp_c3"
I miss school so much D: I just want all of my friends to be a short bike ride away... definitely can't wait for mid-September (though this summer has been awesome).
I got kicked out of junior high debate club because I just was a judge/moderator (we could do that). However, the head of debate club's friends were allowed to. I didn't even like that year of debate - topics were one-sided, the head totally favored her friends, the teacher who oversaw it favored her. I rejoined when it became dialectic - actually, at first just to avoid a bus evac drill.
I'm going to visit Koko daily.
"I worked this morning, went over my Japan Bowl flashcards a couple times including the new kanji section I just added, helped someone through a friendship problem. None of the fics I'm reading have updated, and I'm bored out of my mind with the books I'm required to read for school (Poisonwood Bible is generic to me and I still have 300 pages to go, and How to Read Literature like a Professor has now devolved into the guy explaining books that fit under each category, then putting a disclaimer at the end of each chapter that they're just his opinions, and everything is so obvious I don't even know what to think anymore.) I've again resorted to digging in the figurative corners and crannies of the archive. Urgh.
Why the heck do good fics stop updating with any sense of frequency the moment I add them to my alert list?"
I just quit debate...no idea what to think/feel right now
"Feel free. Feel like you saved trees (although if you were a laptop debater it didn't matter).

I was in debate all four years of high school and realized too late that I didn't really like it. (Policy debate, that is. Too much cookie-cutting, not enough actual debate) Forensics, on the other hand, is great and you should do that or keep doing that because it allows you so much more freedom and the people are so much nicer. I met some really great people doing forensics and some... not so great people doing debate.

Or maybe that's just Kansas."
"OMFG I KNOW RIGHT. I did Public Forum...so many evidence packets xD I was completely overwhelmed. I felt like I spent more time looking for sources than actually reading the pigeon I have to (I still have that problem somewhat for SO ). I like debates, but I didn't like how I wound up spending a lot of time preparing my cases & speeches, and my performance was...mediocre, I'd say, at least compared to my SO performance. People still think of me as a good debater, but whatevs, I have more time now

Cookie-cutting? o_O

BTW-to all you non-speech/debaters, when he says Forensics, he's referring to public speaking, not the SO event xD

Over here, people are a bit more chill (at least in PF). Yes, it's uber-competitive, but if you get to talk to your opponents outside of round and they connect back you make some friends too. Policy kids are a bit more aloof here though, I believe

How exactly would I continue with Forensics? Without being in speech/debate that is?"
"Getting my school schedule tomorrow. UGH
I hate school so much, and I hate reading. Summer is when I can just play my viola, bassoon, and oboe all day. No stress!
And less than one week until school.
One thing I HATE about my school (I loathe it) is that the PE teachers don't respect your privacy while your changing into PE clothes. If you go into the stalls to change, you get a detention. But I'm pretty sure that most schools are like this too...so yeah. And my school doesn't have a orchestra. So I have to play oboe (my third favorite instrument) during school instead of viola or cello."
To be honest, some part of me wants to go back to school already because I miss all the all of the fun extracurricular activities, ????, and my friends. I'm definitely not ready to do any work though. :l
"Well, I don't watch Doctor Who, but it's on CNN so I'll post it here.

http://edition.cnn.com/2013/08/02/showb ... ?hpt=hp_c3"
I miss school so much D: I just want all of my friends to be a short bike ride away... definitely can't wait for mid-September (though this summer has been awesome).
I got kicked out of junior high debate club because I just was a judge/moderator (we could do that). However, the head of debate club's friends were allowed to. I didn't even like that year of debate - topics were one-sided, the head totally favored her friends, the teacher who oversaw it favored her. I rejoined when it became dialectic - actually, at first just to avoid a bus evac drill.
I'm going to visit Koko daily.
"I worked this morning, went over my Japan Bowl flashcards a couple times including the new kanji section I just added, helped someone through a friendship problem. None of the fics I'm reading have updated, and I'm bored out of my mind with the books I'm required to read for school (Poisonwood Bible is generic to me and I still have 300 pages to go, and How to Read Literature like a Professor has now devolved into the guy explaining books that fit under each category, then putting a disclaimer at the end of each chapter that they're just his opinions, and everything is so obvious I don't even know what to think anymore.) I've again resorted to digging in the figurative corners and crannies of the archive. Urgh.
Why the heck do good fics stop updating with any sense of frequency the moment I add them to my alert list?"
I just quit debate...no idea what to think/feel right now
"Feel free. Feel like you saved trees (although if you were a laptop debater it didn't matter).

I was in debate all four years of high school and realized too late that I didn't really like it. (Policy debate, that is. Too much cookie-cutting, not enough actual debate) Forensics, on the other hand, is great and you should do that or keep doing that because it allows you so much more freedom and the people are so much nicer. I met some really great people doing forensics and some... not so great people doing debate.

Or maybe that's just Kansas."
"OMFG I KNOW RIGHT. I did Public Forum...so many evidence packets xD I was completely overwhelmed. I felt like I spent more time looking for sources than actually reading the pigeon I have to (I still have that problem somewhat for SO ). I like debates, but I didn't like how I wound up spending a lot of time preparing my cases & speeches, and my performance was...mediocre, I'd say, at least compared to my SO performance. People still think of me as a good debater, but whatevs, I have more time now

Cookie-cutting? o_O

BTW-to all you non-speech/debaters, when he says Forensics, he's referring to public speaking, not the SO event xD

Over here, people are a bit more chill (at least in PF). Yes, it's uber-competitive, but if you get to talk to your opponents outside of round and they connect back you make some friends too. Policy kids are a bit more aloof here though, I believe

How exactly would I continue with Forensics? Without being in speech/debate that is?"
"Getting my school schedule tomorrow. UGH
I hate school so much, and I hate reading. Summer is when I can just play my viola, bassoon, and oboe all day. No stress!
And less than one week until school.
One thing I HATE about my school (I loathe it) is that the PE teachers don't respect your privacy while your changing into PE clothes. If you go into the stalls to change, you get a detention. But I'm pretty sure that most schools are like this too...so yeah. And my school doesn't have a orchestra. So I have to play oboe (my third favorite instrument) during school instead of viola or cello."
To be honest, some part of me wants to go back to school already because I miss all the all of the fun extracurricular activities, ????, and my friends. I'm definitely not ready to do any work though. :l
"Well, I don't watch Doctor Who, but it's on CNN so I'll post it here.

http://edition.cnn.com/2013/08/02/showb ... ?hpt=hp_c3"
I miss school so much D: I just want all of my friends to be a short bike ride away... definitely can't wait for mid-September (though this summer has been awesome).
I got kicked out of junior high debate club because I just was a judge/moderator (we could do that). However, the head of debate club's friends were allowed to. I didn't even like that year of debate - topics were one-sided, the head totally favored her friends, the teacher who oversaw it favored her. I rejoined when it became dialectic - actually, at first just to avoid a bus evac drill.
I'm going to visit Koko daily.


































































































































































































































































































"The math & writing sections were pretty easy, yeah

The reading sections...

Um, women's editors? O_O What was that one even about?"
"THIS WEEK IS NATIONAL CHEMISTRY WEEK.
Well, technically, National Chemistry Week is in 2 hours for me."
Is anyone from here going to BrainBusters Fall in Ithaca?
yup, I'm sure kids living in Manhattan or downtown LA stumble across cows on a daily basis
Kids live in Manhattan and downtown LA?
"#borninmanhattan
#whateverbro

I'm writing a story in second person interactive. xD This is so fun."
Well, if there's a lot of people there, there's probably a lot of kids too.
"Ha, I didn't know that soinc.org linked to us. .-.

EDIT: New profile pic like wut"
Can I have a hug? I think I need a hug.
"Heaps of hugs for you <@o@>

Got back from visiting Dartmouth yesterday. I think I'm in love. Only to see that it was snowing today; luckily nothing stuck!"
Advancing to the quarterfinals of this television game show. .-. Ha, we got so lucky.
Thanks
Anyone else remember when Anatomy had the endocrine system?
This is kinda late, but Panic! At The Disco's new album is swag.
This is the second bus stop in the last hour... Last time we had to stand outside for 30 min. We better not have too many issues.
Vices and Virtues is always the best, but I love this new one.
I like Doctor Who but have never seen the show
">.>
Ward's Science hasn't updated its kits, have they?"
"have never seen the show
have never seen the show
You have not lived."
"#don'twatchTV
#stilllivin'
#don'tjudgebrah"
"Do you know where I can find the seventh season for free without torrenting? Seasons 1-6 are on Netflix, but I crave more
caseyotis wrote:
#don'twatchTV
#stilllivin'
#don'tjudgebrah
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=57dzaMaouXA"
What's Doctor Who?
"foreverphysics wrote:
You have not lived."
Obligatory interjection: Doctor Who is overrated.
"that was gold. ""#lolololololololololo""
zyzzyva98 wrote:
Obligatory interjection: Doctor Who is overrated.
agreed. i mean it's okay, i guess. but, yeah. it's pretty overrated imo."
xD That was great.
<slow clap for fantastic video selection>
"Eccleston's season: Cheesy, most definitely, but still good once you get past the confusion of the first couple of episodes.
Tennant's run: lskjdfasdfjsdfkhgdfgfdjgjjkfghdfgjdfgsf he is my new favorite person (Sorry. I realized recently that I have become more like the typical Tumblr user regarding Doctor Who, and trust me, I am very ashamed.)
Smith's run (so far): Ehhhhhhh I don't know. Moffat did a great job with Blink and The Girl in the Fireplace, and does do a great job with Sherlock, but I'm not really feeling it. I don't know. I like it, I guess, but after Tennant left it just wasn't the same.

So I guess it is kind of overrated, but I just really get into things the first time I see them okay you should have seen me after I marathon-watched every Breaking Bad episode in existence the week before the new episodes for the second half of season five came out

For context, this is a short summary of the videos YouTube recommends me:


P.S. And to everyone who enjoyed the hashtag video, thanks/you're welcome. #bringbackoctothorpe"
"I am going to report you to Talk About It.

My name is Daniel Cao."
Probably true
"Your statement is fallacious [1] [2].

In other news, Ohio State has a lot of Sousaphones."
"#hashtag
#hashtagsarejustnumbersigns
#toomanyhashtags"
"I was just in the same room as Neil deGrasse Tyson.

He said the word ""blogosphere.""

My life is complete."
#notenoughhashtagsbecausetheyaresohashtaggingawesome
...who?
"Have you ever heard of Pluto?
If not... it's cause of him.
*Shameless Pluto joke*"
"You have not heard of Neil DeGrasse Tyson?

#isthisreallife"
"Ha, I know who that is.
#astronomystilllame2013"
"FTFY

again"
#awesomeisrelative
My name is Daniel Cao and I lost 20 million dollars in Rune Scape.
"So, Halloween costumes? I'm going as Gary Oak... debating whether to wear sister's brown boot things or not lmao.
Or I might just stay home and eat Kit Kats and Whoppers and Twix and Candy Corn because they're the only candy that's really worth it and I'm sick and yeah
I realize I haven't posted here in a while lol
ok back to being sick sort of

ps trig is kinda fun actually"
"""brown boot things"" haha, wear them. knowing your sister, i'm sure they're ultrafashionable. :-)
and wow, am i the only one that hates whoopers???? idek.
-

QQ, I have acadec tomorrow, so I'm going to get home at like 6 and then I have to do homework, so I might not have time to go trick or treating, FML."
"they're not uggs ok im not that clueless
but they're pointy and make me 1.5ish inches taller so it's borderline x)
yes everybody loves whoppers it is impossible not to like them how they are perfect
hf with acadec ;P
oh and if u do go trick or treating @ redbridge u should stop by my old house and see who lives there now huehue"
I'm Hello Kitty for Halloween!
I'm Einstein!!! Can anyone give me a wup, wup?
Pumpkins
lol I don't do Halloween
I showed up giving kids candy in a banana costume that was kind of small on me. Fun tiemz.
This entire week was dress-up/spirit week at my school. My chem teacher from last year was a dragon, and her sons were knights in shining armor. Adorable levels to the max.
"WHO'S READY FOR NANOWRIMO WOOT

In other news, I finally got into All-County for Flute!! Best halloween news ever--so happy!"
"I would've actually done NaNoWriMo this year if I had an adequate springboard to get me into the month.

But my schedule is currently
Nov. 1
10:00-11:50 class
Food
12:30-2:30 class
3:30-5:00 band
Food?
6:15-9:30 moar band

Nov. 2
11:00-4:30 moar band
7:00-??? volleyball game I said I'd go to

With essays and studying too :(
A shame, because I would've probably gotten into it this year."
Yesterday, since a lot of our lit teachers (female) are pregnant, the male lit teachers decided it would be funny to dress up as pregnant women
I feel so unmotivated to study Science Olympiad this year. Like, I'd rather do quiz bowl. >.>
Anybody else have problems with firefox? Or am I just paranoid?
So so so true! I don't even think I got onto the team this year. I love quizbowl too much, and that 98.75 ppg I got during my first tournament still keeps me motivated. Tournament in two weeks, woot! (We're not making nationals, I know, which makes me sad.)
"o_O 98.75ppg? That's amazing! What tournament was that?

My next tournament is in December, but we're hosting it, and it's going to be so much fun. Aww, that's a bummer. I was hoping that I'd see you there.

EDIT: I was just looking at your stats at the SCOP mirror. I think it would be fun to be that one person who gets a lot of points for the team. Two of my other teammates had over 43ppg, which was my statistic."
There's no such thing as a problem with Firefox. Only happy accidents.
"Haha yeah it was the SCOP Novice (Casey you little stalker [but jk I've actually looked up your stats before])! Trust me, it was fun in prelims but in playoffs I lost my nerve (especially since it was my first tourney ). For SCOP, they didn't stack our team, which was why many of us had high PPGs (and also the reason why only the C team made it to the playoffs). But anyways, the fact that you're on freaking A team for your school (and as a freshman) is amazing!! Congrats on making it to Nationals!!

Hopefully we'll see each other at a tourney this year Will you be going to Prison Bowl, by any chance?"
"Ahaha, I love looking at stats. I don't know why. Quiz bowl is so amazing ahhhhh
Aw, that sucks. Yeah, it was my first tourney too, but it's really great to have a supportive team...
Thank you! Yeah, I hate to toot my own horn, but I'm getting pretty good. However, next year, I'm going to be pretty much carrying the team. I'm definitely captaining next year, and since the rest of the A team is made up of seniors, I'm going to have to train everyone else to do the things I'm not so good at (or help me with the things I am good at). I hope to be a nationals-level generalist by the time I'm a junior. I'm so weak in Science though. x_x

YES! We'll see each other at Prison Bowl, if not before then. You should come to BrainBusters Fall. It's far away, but there are going to be a lot of teams and Ithaca is awesome and you could qualify for PACE and/or HSNCT and..."
"REMINDER: If you have summer time in effect on your board preferences (if the time on the boards has been correct for the past seven-ish months) then you should turn it off tonight as daylight saving time ends.

If it has not been in effect for the past seven-ish months, then continue to not care about time in general."
Stanford Splash was AWESOME today! If you live near or attend a school that offers Splash, I highly recommend getting involved - I have a lot of fun teaching it, and (I hope) my students had a lot of fun taking my classes!
"YAAAAS SCIOLY RESULTS YAAAAS

my 3rd favorite day of the year, behind states and regionals of course."
I've been studying for Science Olympiad all day today, so my homework is uncompleted. I have to do it now since I have to make an instrument tomorrow.
"Studying for Science Olympiad...

I think I'm doing it wrong."
Someone tell my mom to stop singing "Wrecking Ball". Seriously. Help...me...before...its...too....................LATE.
oh man this bio test is so hard and not to mention debate is killing my brain and i'm so tired right now that i don't even care that i have galway in my playlist when my flute teacher specifically told me to not listen to him
woah, so i guess today was my blog's birthday, lol.
">.>
I'm not supposed to wake up at 3:30.
No.
Never again.
*is dead*"
How come?
When your fancy MacBook Retina display cracks for no apparent reason... A week till I get my laptop back.
Gosh - second chess meet tomorrow. Unfortunately, I doubt Wheaton North's team is as bad as Glenbard East's (our opponents last week - we won 63.5-4.5).
63.5? Is that a typo or did you have 68 boards playing?
IS-A set. Oh gawd. This is going to be fun.
Lucky...the four dates for the a-set tournaments this year in our region coincide with the school musical, a debate tournament, DECA regionals, and the school opera. I can't go to any of the tourneys T_T
Why do I have to enter a Captcha before viewing the site now?
"Oh, ouch. >.>
But yeah, I'm going to have so much fun~"
It's only every so often, maybe you just got unlucky? It's from a service that caches certain pages in case the server goes down (well, basically, it does more than that).
Nope, everyone at my school got it, sometimes several times within a few minutes on the same computer. It's working fine at my house, though. I guess Cloud Flare just doesn't like my school.
Do me a favor, send me the IP address/range of your school I can fix it.
"Quiz bowl actually helped me on a test.
HOLY god.
That's amazing."
"It's weighted - Board 1 is 12 points, Board 2 is 11 points, and so on (only 8 boards play)
Anyway, we beat Wheaton North, but not as handily. We only got 48 points."
Dang that's pretty hardcore. We just valued each board as 1 point, that way a win on any board is worth the same.
Haha, Apple....
"MODEL UNITED NATIONS
SO MUCH YES
I LOVE THIS"
Sometimes I like Public Forum Debate.....and then I read the next month's resolution and I'm like: "Just Stop....why"
Lol I know what you mean. Last year, the December topic was increasing taxes vs. spending cuts, and I hated it -_-
Out of pure curiosity, did you happen to be at a conference this weekend? I would then presume, you were at the same one as me. Hilton?
"um yes
why did we not, like, meet
or maybe we did

I was in UNHRC. I got Best New Delegate."
Congrats! I was chairing for Legal Political. Will you be at CNYMUN?
Milk and Cereal by G Love and Special Sauce
I have a question, what is considered an excellent score in boomilever
um, better placed in boomilever?
There's actually a boomilever topic in the build forums section, but last year at least a really good score was 1200 or more.
after about 13 rounds of quizbowl....im ready to stop thinking about it for a long long time.
"Someone called me this morning and thought I was Santa Claus.

..."
"You're ready to stop thinking about quiz bowl?
I played solo History Bowl yesterday. It was really fun."
Anyone else play League of Legends? I'm starting to play it, ha. I'm trying to get some of my friends to play it too but idk if they actually will.
Yeah...my mind has been fried. And after qualifying for PACE and being told we aren't allowed to go, I just feel very miffed. And now we have no more chances to qualify for HSNCT. It's not like we were expecting to, but it's always disappointing.
A lot of people play League, including me. It's a fun game.
"NO UNINSTALL LEAGUE IT WILL RUIN YOUR LIFE

JK, but it's really addicting. Especially if you watch pro streams on twitch. Or browse r/leagueoflegends and the League forums. The learning curve is surprisingly high, there's just so much strategy and terminology to understand. You'll might meet a lot of flamers and ragers when you play poorly and don't understand the ""metagame"", that's always a downside.

If you'd like some pointers feel free to PM me."
Several kids from my school are in Warsaw, Poland for COP19 environment thing. Lol, we're like the only school in the world accredited to send delegates. God. Wish I could have gone.
Only high school. Huge difference lol.
I got onto the Science Olympiad team today.
Yay! Congrats!
THANKS!
Gah, I just tend to do weirdly. Some days I'm on an 7 game winning streak and others I can't win a single game. Then again, mid DC'ing when I was a jungler didn't help...
College applications drive me nuts.
"I'm getting so much anime/TV show watching done over the break~!

Have any of you guys gone to see Catching Fire yet?"
"Moi
It was great"
"I imagine they do >_<

I'm not looking forward to those next year"
pigeon college its so hard
Yup I'm horrible at commenting on movies, so don't ask for my opinion or whether I think it's worth watching it xD
Catching Fire was a great sequel. I mean, on its own, it would be sort of weird. But it was really just fantastic, and the end left me wanting more. I cannot wait for Mockingjay. If you liked The Hunger Games, you'll love Catching Fire. I'd watch it again and again.
I'm going tomorrow...
Happy Thanksgiving!
Happy Thanksgivukkah! (Thanksgiving and Hanukkah are at the same time this year, and it won't happen again for another 80,000 years!)
Maybe. Other estimates have it happening again in 2070. Since the last one happened just over a century ago, I find it hard to believe that it won't happen again for over 70 millenia. It doesn't change the fact that it's a rare occurrence though.
"My friend told me the same thing

Him: This will only happen again in...
7...
8...
9...
1...

Me:

Him:
...1

Me:

He waited to put that last 1 on there xD though I'm not sure the first three numbers are correct, it's something like that"
Happy belated Thanksgivukkah to you too! (Having to celebrate Hanukkah with your strongly Roman Catholic grandparents. AWKWARD)
Jesus Hussein Christ. >.>
lolwut
Today's National Mousse Day!!!
"Ha, I mean, no one knows what the H. stands for, and he's Arabic, and that's a pretty common Northern African name. .-.
It's funnier because it gets the hyper-religious conservatives' panties in a twist."
"Ahh alright!
And I love chocolate mousse"
Pokemon Profile Pic Month, anyone?
YES PLEASE
I'm so excited for Nutcracker season, but not excited for the crazy amounts of rehearsal.
Golly, I feel old.
Wooohhh, PPPM!!!
"Since when is there an H? :O

And I know people that aren't hyper-conservative or even religious who would think that's disrespectful..."
"You've never heard that? Jesus H. Christ!
Disrespectful? How? I've only seen people who think it's disrespectful because Hussein is an Arabic name and all Arabs are terrorists."
"Even so, the name Hussein carries a certain connotation in the Western world. You don't say Barack Hussein Obama, even though that is his middle name, unless you're deliberately making the connection to that connotation. Everyone already knows who Barack Obama is. There is similarly no reason to include the Hussein in Jesus' name, especially since, well, based on its etymological origin, Christ wouldn't exactly be his last name, now would it?

End of discussion here folks. No reason to incite a religious debate. If you guys really want to continue, take it to a PM."
Waltz of the flowers has been so overplayed >.<
"It's not really a debate. But if you insist.
(Not many Presidents use their middle names anyways, unless they publicize it that way. Bill Clinton didn't.
Christ isn't a last name; it's a title meaning ""anointed one"" or something like that.

Dropping~)"
I swear that I can sing the entire musical score of the Nutcracker on command. I practically hear it in my dreams at this point It's beautiful music, but one can only listen to it a certain number of times before going crazy.
I want a Krispy Kreme donut.
YES. The store we had went out several years ago. Worst day of my life.
They're coming back to my town after like 4 years! I'm pretty excited.
Those donuts were really good...why did they have to go...
Anyone else wishing that finals aren't only a week away?
finals next Monday (in three days!) and Friday... yet I'm just sitting here sipping hot chocolate wishing the rain would go away
"Ha... finals... haven't had those in a while....

Currently sitting here wishing the nose-freezing cold would go away."
"Our finals are early in January...
...the two days right after winter break.

Let's all give a round of applause to the beautiful scheduling that is Alabama's educational system."
Same, except now I define "nose-freezing cold" as, like, 20s-30s at night. There was FROST on the ground the other day
My finals are also right after break - Tues/Wed/Thurs
We don't take finals until June, but we have quarterly tests and midterms. Are those similar?
"oh yeah, huh, it does get pretty cold over there. when i did my summer camp thing over there, it was waaaay cold at night, like dang. and it was summer. i even can't imagine how cold it must be now. :/
silverheart7 wrote:
We don't take finals until June, but we have quarterly tests and midterms. Are those similar?
lol yep, they're pretty much the same."
...I come back on here in my efforts to put off finishing term papers and studying for the upcoming finals, and what do I find but more talk about finals >_> there is no escape!
I'm so done with school....
It's practically a desert - sunny and warm during the day (or cold, as it were, now), but as soon as the sun sets the temperature plummets. And there's ice at night, and sometimes even during the day! I've slipped on ice while walking, and this is completely unacceptable.
"I know some of you haven't liked us on Facebook or followed us on Twitter yet, and seriously, what is wrong with you?

For those of you that are still living under the rock, this post appeared on our social media feeds earlier this afternoon:



We're pretty excited about this. Keep an eye out for more information throughout the month."
WTF, you can share gifs with gyazo now? heck yes. Such a lifehack.
"...aaaaaaand she decides to cancel it
i am so butterfly pigeon off right now."
On Tuesday I lost my game at a chess meet in one of the worst ways possible. I was going to move a piece to a square that would have practically won the game, but I missed the square. I am never going to live that down. >.<
geez, that sounds harsh
I lost the game
The game ended two years ago.
Post traumatic game syndrome?
I misread potatoes and said "photatos"
Potatoes at the speed of light?
Nah, they're just like potatoes, but light weight. #badumcha
"To all teachers who round grades and curve finals: you are dearly loved.
, your students with borderline grades"
Merry Christmas!!!1!
If you accelerate them, will they CHIP?
"Feliz Navidad! Te quiero desear una feliz Navidad y un próspero Año nuevo. (hopefully that is right...my Spanish teacher told us that)

What is your favorite Christmas carol?"
You should listen to Donde Esta Santa Claus?. It has a jazzy spanish feel. I was part of a sax quartet for a fundraiser thing, and this was by far our favorite song to play.
Merry Christmas!
I'm late, but Merry Christmas! Also, this page is really awesome right now.
I'm firmly convinced that the holiday season is best spent in the Philippines Happy New Year, scioly.org denizens!
Happy New Year! (to those in CST )
"Scioly.org Facebook!

Like it to stay informed, and up to date on breaking news!"
WOOHOO NEW THEME
"Love the new theme. Gonna take some getting used to but it's pretty cool.

Happy New Year to everyone!"
You seniors pretty much done with college apps?
Errr... I guess I should be, but I'm not really...
happy new year, and more excitingly, happy new theme!
More Excitingly? XD
"Creo que tienes razón. ¿Qué nivel de clase de español estás en (I hope that my syntax is right)? Estoy en el tercero nivel de la clase de español.

On another note, I can get used to the new theme."
"Yo creo que es ""en qué nivel de clase..."" etc.

EDIT: or is it cuál?"
Uhh... Hola. Yo soy una tomate. I don't know Spanish.
What foreign language do you take?
"Oh, you've redecorated!
I don't like it."
Au contraire, I think it was a much-needed and tasteful modernization.
"Burned my nose today with a hot glue gun while doing stuff for SciOly. At least I'll have a good story to tell when I get back to school.

Oh heck yes. FAFSA is done too, so now I just need to work on scholarship apps.

As a side note to however does formatting on this site, the mobile version sucks. Not gonna lie."
French. But I wish I didn't. I HATE my teacher, and from what I hear, the other French teacher is nice, but does not teach at all.
* "Estas en que nivel de clase de espanol"
"Or alternatively,

¿En qué nivel de la clase de español estás?"
"Eso es lo que dije!

Estoy bromeando haha"
I really miss the days of the 10,000 post thread when I had time to waste.
oh god who posted this
Did someone hack your account?
I wish.

"Wow. Scioly Changed again.
when did this happen"
I don't really like the new theme, but I'm sure I'll get over it...
Don't worry, mate, I made the same mistake oh so long ago as well.
Whoa, Z, when did you stick the 0 on the end of your username? Didn't you used to be zyzzyva98?
Love the new Sci Oly website!
"It's okay. Je suis une orange. I know very little French.
foreverphysics wrote:
Oh, you've redecorated!
I don't like it.
That was quite an excellent episode! I'm guessing you've caught Sherlock by now too? Much amaze."
I like the update, although it doesn't seem to be finished... Is it? What about search?
Hey! Is this thing working?
No school tomorrow! And winter break continues
lol. the meme was okay at first but now it's overused but ugh idk i dislike it a lot
Sorry... force of habit by now; my friends and I use it in everyday conversation
I was a bit disappointed with today's episode, too many random scenes that didn't flow very well, THIS IS UNACCEPTABLE FOR A SHOW THAT ONLY HAS 3 EPISODES IN 2 YEARS
"As my friend would say...
""Sherlock...the fandom that waited."""
Between rounds at a chess tournament yesterday, the TVs were showing football, and a guy I had met and I were saying "Hit a home run!" I had to restrain myself from saying "Kicking the puck into the basket is an out of the park checkmate."
...And we wonder why chess players are stereotyped.
Regional in a month. >.> I need to crack down.
Oh please please http://barrington.suntimes.com/news/nor ... 14:article
I don't understand why pill containers are so hard to open when the person opening them is sick and is very weak. People these days.
A whole weekend passed. Sometimes I wonder.
Yikes, it's been awhile...wonder if anyone noticed! It's like I dropped off the face of the forums once the board turned over. Anyway, I gotta get back to posting. SO has been crazy busy this season...have I missed anything from this fall?
Not a whole lot, just a new theme
Yes, Nelson Mandela died. And the Spanish armada was destroyed.
Yeah, that's quite a big deal! Nice surprise...
So after our chess meet, someone parked where the coach was supposed to park. So he parked the bus in front of the person's car as revenge.
o_O I've randomly started listening to some of Katy Perry's newish songs from her album Prism, and dang it's made me realize that I haven't listened to her songs in a while. I feel like I'm back in 5th grade hahhaha. In specific: Dark Horse, Double Rainbow, and Unconditionally are all really good. tbh who am i kidding pretty much everything on there is gr8, a++
Badger invitational tomorrow! Mounds View District gonna dominate!
Ugh... chess team invite tomorrow. I am very nervous, because our team is TERRIBLE.
"Man, lots of people have tournaments tomorrow...

Good luck to all!"
January 18th is the day of all invites... bumbumbummmmm. Good luck everyone!
"I met this kid at an invite today, when I told him who I was on scioly he was like

I still don't know if he was sarcastic or not..."
I'm feeling awfully productive right now.
I'm feeling awfully lazy right now... finals are in a few days xD. Wanna trade?
I saw someone at a tournament today who I didn't know competed in SO. My mental reaction was similar.
No thanks. I just got a ton of Entomology done. So proud of myself. *sniffle*
It's only Tuesday and I'm ready for the week to be over. Not ready for another invite on Saturday.
I write my username on my nametag when I go for tournaments.
I write my name, my school, and scioly.org on the board at (almost...can't do it at my own team's tournament to preserve anonymity) every tournament I go to. Nobody gives...
"I would be really surprised if active board members were part of my region. .-.
But at states, I'll probably bring a name tag. Assuming we make it. Which we might not."
"To everyone who's not yet gone through college apps, this is how spammy college emails work.

Hey, let's ask candidate x if he wants to apply. No response. Hey, let's send candidate x an email with an application sans essay and fee. No reply. Hey let's remind candidate x daily that the application is due in two months, surely he'll apply now. No response. Deadline passes. Hey, let's extend candidate x's deadline since he's sooo amazing (not really). No response. (Repeat ad infinitum)"
"This does continue even after you get to college. I've had multiple colleges continue to send me emails until I finally got tired of deleting them immediately and instead found the unsubscribe button.

My personal favorites were the ones reminding me to take the ACT- this after I'd already received a perfect score during my junior year."
And that's why you get a totally new email account after getting accepted to college!
just don't check the box saying send me email updates on the PSAT. It all starts from the PSAT's
Turns out if you throw up on the pool deck right before you're about to compete they disqualify you.
Am I the only person who gets enjoyment out of all the useless college mail I've received? I kept track of all the colleges that sent me stuff and have it all in a box to dispose of in some humorous way during the time around graduation. I'm almost at 30 lbs of mail.
"On a more serious note...

http://abclocal.go.com/wls/story?sectio ... id=9403119"
Yeah, I'm doing the same so one day I can lay it out so it spells the name of the college I am attending then set it on fire and have the smoke form the letters. Or just throw it away...
"My current plan of action is to burn all the letters

School just got cancelled for a majority of MN due to the cold. Planning on going to the library and doing some hardcore SO studying."
86 users online! 71 more to go!
That's so awful... That poor family.
It's a sad day in the northern/northwestern suburbs. Tragic. I spent some time paging through the local and CNN comments, and, as usual, they're just sick. A little girl lost her life, and folks still feel the need to post their drivel.
Heheh, I have a box that's been steadily accumulating college spam since sophomore year (it's a largish box, probably used to hold a ream or two of paper), and it's surprisingly full... Haven't decided if I'm going to burn it or like, toss it off a cliff.
"silverheart7 wrote:
That's so awful... That poor family.
It's caused a little stir in this area but hopefully everything will be alright."
Sometimes I wish the Adobe PDF reader had a file recovery feature like Word and Excel and PowerPoint...
I seriously hate everyone who comments on a news site like CNN or MSN.
5th snowday of the year today. This is actually starting to get boring.
"With you on that one.
silverheart7 wrote:
tuftedtitmouse12 wrote:
On a more serious note...

http://abclocal.go.com/wls/story?sectio ... id=9403119
That's so awful... That poor family.
My heart goes out not only to the family but to the people in the area who knew the girl."
I'm not saying anything, but I'm saying if someone wants to gather the information to update the Invitationals Wiki that's something that would be pretty cool.
"I got this.

EDIT: Finding results is a real struggle."
*shakes her cane* Back in MY day, we never had that many snow days, and I had to walk uphill both ways in -30 degree weather to get to the bus...
Minnesotans seem to be getting soft -- Mounds View Public Schools in the northern suburbs of the Twin Cities had three snow days this year already! I think there were two or three total during my 12 years in the Mounds View school system. But then again, with -20 F temperatures, you don't want little kindergarteners freezing to death at the bus stop....
"Jezuz. And I thought Munster was strict about snow days We got 2 days off because the high was supposed to be like -20 F with -50 windchill. Those were our only closed days

And my car window that day was frozen shut, it would not budge"
"You'd be surprised how friggin cold it is here. You dodged a bullet. Now we have a another week of school in the summer.

Oh look. They've canceled school tomorrow too."
"Uphill both ways
O_O

We've had two and a half snow days. Well, actually, one of them was a cold wind chill day."
It's been horrible down here, it dropped below freezing Friday and they shut down school, it's supposed to get down to 25 this week and we might loose another day or two.
Haha yup, now the yearly total for Mounds View is at four.... more than in my 12 years in Mounds View schools combined!
"http://thenicestplaceontheinter.net
D'awwww I love you people"
School just got cancelled for us tomorrow. WE'RE MISSING THE SCIOLY PICTURE
"The school buses also get weird at those temps.

Yup, at noon the earth magically shifts so that hills are everywhere. They go back to sleep at night and the process restarts again."
We just have a 2-hour delay tomorrow...which is better than nothing I suppose
It's been somewhat warm over here...I actually kind of wish that it was colder.
My roommate (from Anaheim) just got back here to Iowa. No, you do not wish it was colder. He will be welcomed by temperatures of -20 C or lower tomorrow.
Yeah actually its really warm here and there are trees that are blooming and we've had rain like once or twice maybe since the beginning of fall. I mean I /love/ the weather now but it's probably (read: definitely) really bad for the plants. The "potentials" of a water crisis and global warming are starting to become a lot more believable...
It's the middle of winter and my water bottle was fogging the plastic last week with evaporation. ;-;
"No kidding! My goodness. And now the U of M has cancelled school for tomorrow... what next? Wimps! *shakes cane some more*
mnstrviola wrote:
aim4me26 wrote:
It's been somewhat warm over here...I actually kind of wish that it was colder.
Yeah actually its really warm here and there are trees that are blooming and we've had rain like once or twice maybe since the beginning of fall. I mean I /love/ the weather now but it's probably (read: definitely) really bad for the plants. The ""potentials"" of a water crisis and global warming are starting to become a lot more believable...
Aren't we in the middle of a really serious drought? But I completely agree with you; the weather has been absolutely gorgeous lately (70s!!!). Too bad I've been inside working all day..."
"Pfff. Cali.
It's really not that cold here in NY, though. It's not even in the negatives right now. I mean, sure, it's below freezing, but still. .-. Not that bad."
"School got cancelled for tomorrow in IL.
THAT MEANS IM MISSING ANOTHER DANCE CLASS AND CHESS PRACTICE"
School's cancelled tomorrow for me!
I'm sorry to hear. On the pro-side, I have more time to do homework that was due today
"Update: school canceled for Mounds View in MN for the 5th day this year tomorrow due to weather. I think this is completely unprecedented...

I would call them lucky, but it turns out there'll have to be extra days tacked on at the end of the year. Not so nice after all."
Unless of course you're a senior...I think. Delaying graduation would be a very interesting occasion.
Honestly, I don't know how I would handle it if college classes were cancelled. It would only mean that more would be packed into a shorter time period later in the quarter, and then I would probably having "let us do our psets/code while weeping" parties. (Instead of, you know, the typical parties where we just weep - I mean, pset or code.) (Obviously I'm exaggerating, guys. College is fun! But it is very busy.)
"How to tell our C team that they're really not at all ready for the amount of competition at Prison Bowl... :/ This sucks. But someone has to do it.
Maybe I should just wait for practice on Monday instead of doing it in mass email form.
>.>"
Be sure to do it in a way that doesn't come off as overbearing. Competition is great and winning is great, but remember that a lot of people are there to learn and have fun. (Just a recommendation based on experience)
and a lot of people are just there to put it on their college application. (Basically all of my HS team)
"Yeah, that's the main problem. Our A team is really competitive, and we're at that level. Our B team can hold their own. But I don't even think our C team will have fun. They'll just get slaughtered and wiped out. The tournaments around our region that we've attended haven't been very competitive. I don't know if they don't mind that. I think they should know, though, and I don't know how to let them know without sounding like I'm forcing them not to go. >.>
UQOnyx wrote:
and a lot of people are just there to put it on their college application. (Basically all of my HS team)
I don't even know about that. They just talk and laugh at practices while we're reading questions. Prison Bowl might be an eye-opener for them, but it might be the last tournament of the year that they'll be able to attend.
You have a team? Are y'all good?"
I don't have class today, and didn't have any yesterday....It's actually really really boring, because I haven't been assigned any real homework.
Lol Casey our division B team is pretty competitive. We have had some good success in B. This year we won 1st place at our regionals . For some reason though, when my team goes to high school we just fizzle out. It's probably because they focus on other clubs. For example , our Mock Trial team is fantastic.
can we exchange workloads
Once I finish the French test, I can basically blow off the homework for the next chapter. There is no way in hell I'm doing any more choice boards.
Oh, I was talking about quiz bowl. .-. But that's pretty good! Yeah, we have this robotics team that eats up all of the science-y kids from our school... They're really good but they get so much funding while we get nothing. :/
No. Just convince Stanford to switch to a semester system, and everything will be fine. I think.
Just got a Skype
Hm, I've never attended a school on the semester system... might be an interesting change. But I do like the ability to take more classes.
The Water Quality test at this invitational was the same test at B division states. Last year. So it wasn't even on oceans/reefs.
Aw, that really stinks...
That happened in meteorology. It was all everyday weather.
Yeah, I was kind of looking forward to having a good test to base my current position at. We didn't actually go to the invitational, but the test was easy... I recognized some questions from states. Eh. That's a big problem with housewritten tests; people are going to mess it up.
I took the same test for Sustainability at two separate invites this year. It was a real let-down considering I was doing it for fun and it's not offered in MN.
"Ha, accidentally hit math. /derp

I've never been to an invitational before, and I don't know what a well-run invitational looks like... I'd like to."
HAPPY CHINESE NEW YEARRRRR!
"Is that what today is?

I totally forgot..."
Regionals tomorrow...the last few weeks (especially nights) have just been brutal. I'm baffled that February Regional tournaments are the norm for some of you. This is dreadful.
Someone on chess team broke his medal 2 minutes after he got it because he was shaking it in someone's face. He so deserved it
Ditto!!
I love watching Vsauce! I'm addicted.
"regionals happened
is dead"
"Is everything okay?
Are we going to see results?"
AHHHHHHH acadec today was great!! Congrats to everyone else from Tracy High for making it to state! Also, great job West High, & to everyone else as well!
"STUFF HAPPENED.
NEVER LET AN EVENT SUPERVISOR SEE YOU WRITING STUFF ON A PAPER AFTER TIME IS CALLED. ESPECIALLY IF THAT STUFF IS A STUPID JOKE ABOUT RAINBOWS.
Yet that was the only event I ended up medalling in...
GNS A got 1st, B got 5th, and C got 4th (out of 33)! <<nope not a typo.
Did you have your regionals today?? How'd it go??"
"I hope everything was okay! xD
Sounds like you guys did well!
Mine is next Saturday. But the suspense..."
"The thing at the bottom of the page says I'm the only one on the website right now.
I'm so lonely...
So cold...



EDIT: I'm now wondering what happened on Dec. 17, 2010 to draw so many users on at the same time."
"regionals so close
panic mode"
I got moved up to Varsity (and had my events changed) with just a month before Regionals.
My patented "Learn an event in 30 days and medal in it, too" method book is, as always, on sale for a low low price of $49.99. Let me know.
"The conversation between two of my friends today:

Friend 1: You're fat
Friend 2: No, no, you have to insult me at my core.
Friend 1: ...your core is fat."
It finally rained today, and the cold weather felt great.
We got sleet! Or as I call it, Houston Snow and it stayed on the cars :O
"Bahaha

Hot chocolate is the best thing in the world after being outside for two hours in MN. I'm glad I didn't get frost on my face like some of my friends did yesterday."
I can attest that having your beard freeze isn't quite the worst thing in the world, but it is disappointing and frustrating.
"GAH REGIONAL TOMORROW
i'm so nervous >.>;;"
Two weeks before Regionals. I got thrown in one or two new events and got other things changed around. Let's not complain here.
"Oh, come on. Really? Putting things into perspective? As if saying that makes it any less difficult to be changed around a month before the event?

Well, I'm not fully ready for this regional. xD

EDIT: so happy"
Oh come on. I have been put into an event the day of. It was pentathalon, so I am not sure if it counts.
"Heh, at state last year I got out of topo mapping (trial event) and was running by the building with the lab events when the kid in forensics grabbed me and told me to come to the event with him. I hadn't ever competed in forensics...

I'm not kidding either. We got 15th or something low like that."
I'm so proud of our school... We did way better than I expected.
So have I (Boomilever, Palatine Invites, broke with bucket, 23rd.)
Well, I mean, I've done it willingly because I'm insane...
But it makes you look very cool and old.
I like your shoelaces.
I stole them from the president! Tumblr code, right?
Congratulations!
I just wish it wasn't over. >.> We should do more invitationals. Not only for practice - for fun, too! I want to do another Entomology test...
I forgot my lunch, but it was sushi day in the cafeteria (Legit sushi - the one good thing about the cafeteria.).
The closest thing to fish my school's ever served it partially artificial heavily processed cod.... Bleh
I can't believe I'm saying this, but it was actual good-tasting raw fish.
AAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHH YOU ALL MISSED A FANTASTIC HOCKEY GAME
I DIDN'T Z BE PROUD OF ME
"I'm really sad I missed that game because I was actually going to watch it.
Region Chorus got cancelled, I get to go to States"
">.>
I want to go to History Bowl nats but it's too far away and expensive and gah."
"I had chess team states for the past two days. The announcer lady kept telling us to be quiet (I swear, she thought we were in elementary school!), so we would applaud loudly at random moments. It was awesome. And board 3 broke his medal. Again.
I also had a good discussion with board 4's younger brother on how to kill board 3. That was when we learned that board 3 did not know what a half-life was.
On the bus back from States, there was an intense country game war. Board 3 was being really annoying, always getting out but never shutting up (Board 7 wasn't much better), and after board 2 and an alternate got out, I had an intense war with board 1 (I won.).
Friday night, some of my teammates were locked out of their room (deadbolt), and the two people in it wouldn't wake up. Eventually, board 4 threw a pencil case at board 3"
Won J-Quiz for 4th year Japanese students yesterday. National Japan Bowl, here I come! Hoping for a cooler spring out on the East Coast so my teammates get to see the cherry blossoms.
It's a holiday, and I'm writing an essay
I have two classes, a lab, and two co-op interviews today, as well as a 10+ page lab report due on Thursday. Bet your essay is looking pretty good now, huh?
You have classes today? We don't even have classes today... but I do have midterms tomorrow and Thursday, psets due Wednesday and Friday, and a programming assignment due in like 3.5 hours. Huzzah for the quarter system?
Am I the only one that feels like having an essay would still suck even if you also have a lot going on?
Yeah, we always have classes on President's Day, because APPARENTLY losing two Mondays is no bueno. Although you would think they would figure out a way to structure everything, since President's Day is, you know, a national holiday?
"At least this essay is sort of interesting! My last essays were about Why Tom Bombadil Was In The Book and Not the Movie, Why Aragorn Did Not Want To Be King, What Made the World of Fahrenheit 451 Dystopic, and Write One Sentence That Is Half a Page!

This essay is about Whether the Nuclear War At the End of Fahrenheit 451 Was Realistic or Not"
So, yes, my essay is looking pretty good when compared to what you have to do
Thanks everyone for telling me that its a holiday. Is it sad that I wasn't aware of it?
Hmm, we totally lose two Mondays every winter quarter. Not really sure how classes compensate. Probably just by accelerating everything. Though I guess I shouldn't complain - it was my choice to take 15 engineering units, a 4-unit intensive writing/public speaking course, and work at a lab, after all...
If most classes at your college are either M/W or T/Th, one potential solution to the losing-too-many-Mondays problem could be to make some Tuesdays follow the Monday class schedule, thereby equalizing the number of days of the M/W classes with the number of days of the T/Th classes.
It really sucks when you have to go to a hobby shop nearby to get materials for building, however a winter storm prevents travel thus impairing me from fixing my building event since I dont have materials. This all with competition being in 4 days >:(
What competition? Would it happen to be New Albany?
*shrug* No clue what they do to compensate.
Submitted my applications for UC COSMOS today, and wrote about SciOly in my essays Now it's just time to wait until April 18th for results!
so im at this fundraiser thing for our key club called awake-a-thon @ my school with my friends, and the internet blocks facebook, soundcloud, youtube, gmail, league, etc. qq fml. at least we can still talk and eat food though :-)
Are the lyrics in your signature from Angel With a Shotgun by the Cab?
"(yes right unless another song has those lyrics)

that awk moment when you see hydro at a quiz bowl tournament and forgot what she looked like so you don't say hi
.-. i don't even know"
"yes omg. i love that song so much, & don't even get me started on the nightcore version. it's so great like ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
if you've never heard it, you should look it up, it's perfect."
Time is literally flying before my eyes...
200 posts!:D
I feel the same way...
Food is yummy.......
This is quite an interesting read concerning the manipulation of online opinions.
AHH YESSwe need to discuss this omg
Snow day tomorrow
I finally remembered to update my avatar for Pi Day this year! I've been meaning to do it for a couple years now.
The sad thing is that when I saw this, my first thought was "Is it the 14th already?! But finals begin the 17th!" combined with a sense of panic and, ultimately, I had to check the date on my computer to verify that it's actually the 5th.
"There will be pi(e).

Much pie."
Egg
The first person I've seen in a while that actually follows the thread by its title. I admire you. I really do.
And what, I didn't?
"fORfZUxeR3
S6dNRkZWI6
8x4a2QbP30
l43KAtFIQf
xfkqFyhayU
GkuTapnxG8
vmH76K0Iag
DJRF1JRWBK
zipnMtwDUf
S8nYn2CVhE"
"Eh. It was somewhat relevant.
EastStroudsburg13 wrote:
fORfZUxeR3
S6dNRkZWI6
8x4a2QbP30
l43KAtFIQf
xfkqFyhayU
GkuTapnxG8
vmH76K0Iag
DJRF1JRWBK
zipnMtwDUf
S8nYn2CVhE"
Everyone please look up howtobasic on youtube. And remember to keep a garbage can or toilet nearby.
Are you referring to this: http://mitadmissions.org/blogs/entry/th ... -be-pi-day ?
Yup. I was deferred EA (much to everyone's surprise? Not to me..) so I'm hopeful even though the odds are like nought.
"This reminds me immensely of my own experience two years ago. For some reason it was strange that I was deferred from Early Action to MIT.

Of course, I regret nothing now, Drexel is great (though it does have its quirks) and I've met really great people here. And I love living in Philly too. So it's not the end of the world if you don't ultimately get accepted!"
Is it possible to sleep and do homework at the same time?
Good luck!
"This is your obligatory ""Daylight Savings Time starts tomorrow"" post. Set your clocks forward an hour tonight.

The forums don't update automatically.
You can adjust the time by going to User Control Panel ==> Board Preferences ==> Summer Time/DST is in effect ==> Select ""Yes"""
"Alright, class. Homework for tonight is to try your very best to get to sleep at 9:00 PM. Too many kids are going to bed too late."
"ICYMI: Neil deGrasse Tyson's Cosmos debuted last night. I was working on a paper so I couldn't watch it live, but I just watched it online and it's an incredible experience. It's a beautiful adventure through space and time, and I can't think of anyone better than Tyson to guide us. He's the best communicator of science for our generation- getting to hear him speak here at Drake has been one of the highlights of my year.

You can watch the first episode here."
That would be the best homework ever.
"Happy Pi Day!! Also, spring break is great (Although I currently need to work on Science Olympiad.)!

Edit: Also, good luck to everyone who applied to MIT!"
"Regarding that...

Lifted from my Facebook:
Now, before all the pi day posts roll in, remember: If you're writing your dates correctly, it's not 3/14 today- it's 14/3. So if you're going to celebrate pi day, you might as well wait until July 22nd, because 22/7 is as close as you're going to get."
Who dictates what's correct and what's not correct? Just out of curiosity.
"I do.

And, just in general, the rest of the world. Using a different measuring system (i.e. not metric) or a different dating system (i.e. MM/DD instead of DD/MM) isn't being independent, it's just being stubborn."
"Note that Z's avatar is an eagle. With this statement, he's basically outright saying ""'MURRCA! FREEDOM! GUNS! 'MURRCA!""

EDIT: This made sense when I was writing it, I swear. Excuse my sleep-deprivation-addled statements."
"omggg koko your post

but yeahhh happy pi day guys!"
"welp

Yeah, I know. It's not very efficient. >.>"
I am a kawaii potato
To be fair, since we say "March 14" it makes sense to write 3/14. In South America where it's "el 3 de marzo" it makes sense to write 14/3. So that's why it's generally written 3/14 in the US. I am not sure about the UK, Australia,or other English-speaking parts of the world.
"http://www.bbc.co.uk/programmes/b018ttws

The UK, at least, says dates like ""3 July"" or ""4 February"", e.g. ""Steven Moffat and Mark Gatiss answered your questions live on 12 January."" So that makes sense for them."
Anyone know how FL states went?
I smile whenever I hear the lyric "I hate the beach, but I stand/In California with my toes in the sand" from the song Sweater Weather by the Neighbourhood because it's so me. My parents moved me to Cali last year, and I hate the beach but yet I still go there with my family and friends and think about the lovely snow of where I used to live.
"One of the more addictive apps I've seen to date: https://www.quizup.com/. It reminds me of that one trivia game that was really popular among chat people a couple years ago (the name of which is currently escaping me, but you could have five of your friends or famous people on your team to help you? multiple-choice? totally blanked.), except it has a TON of incredibly specific categories, some of which (of course) I love.

Anyway, if you want to challenge me, shoot me a PM. I welcome all challenges. Especially if you think you know a lot about Breaking Bad.

(This has been brought to you by 3 AM spring break insomnia.)"
Bye Bye Birdie starts tonight at my school! Can't wait for this to be over with so I can go study a bunch more for states.
I'm pretty sure that you're talking about Game of Nerds.
Yes! That's it exactly. I knew it had "nerd" in the title.
i really want a hot pink ferrari.
Even though it's almost over (at least on the west coast)... happy Ivy Day, everyone! May the odds be ever in your favor. (and shoutout to my brother who made it into UC Berkeley's College of Chemistry, even though he's not on this forum )
Or as I like to refer to it, Happy Waitlist Day. Unless things have changed since two years ago, which I doubt they have.
"oh god what the heck is this song???
im like scarred for life but im laughing so hard oh god what"
kokonilly i challenge you to a challenge for Breaking Bad. But not right now because I'm too lazy.
More earthquakes.
I'M IN COSTA RICA!!!!!!
As an administrative decision, we have decided that posts in General Chat now require moderator approval. This is not an ideal situation, but as the site grows it becomes difficult to handle this quantity of bandwidth on the server (part of the reason we installed the paywall, this site can't run for free, unfortunately). Since General Chat can sometimes be the source of spam and other extra bandwidth, moderators will now have to approve posts to be shown here. We apologize for any short term inconveniences, but we hope that this will help us create the best site possible!
"Just to clarify (and provide another voice about the issue) that there are two main issues that this change is addressing. First of all the influx of spam that has started recently, coupled with an increase in hosting costs. Without an increase in available funds, we are doing our best to provide a reliable and fun site, but in order to cut down on costs we have to make some cuts. We also have to try to add revenue in order to remain open, and the only viable way was to make changes to the Test Exchange.
It is in deepest sorrow that we make these changes, as information should be free to all, however there is no other way to keep the lights on, and the ability to keep most of scioly.org free to use is better then no scioly.org at all. Please feel free to PM me with any questions or concerns, I will be happy to address any issues you have, or suggestions in terms of how to keep scioly.org the best resource for Science Olympiad students across the nation.

~Robotman"
Lols. Good thing I'm a moderator then.
"Is it just me or lately have all the ""the""s been turned into tehs, and all the yours turned into you'res? I read robotman's post yesterday with ""the"" and now they've all been changed to ""teh"".

And now I just previewed it and it changed all my correct ones to wrong ones haha. Is this the April Fools' Joke?"
As far as I can tell this looks to be only on your end, I am not seeing these changes, maybe try clearing your browser cache?
Well then what about this, Robotman!?
Aww man that is horrible. Guys just ask your coach to pay for the tiny cost.
Yeah, also I think that the only possible solution to the issue that your computer is having is that your computer got hacked.
Do you guys notice that every time someone types the word "t-h-e", it corrects to "t-e-h"?
ceg7654, I'm experiencing the same thing as you. All the "t h e"s have turned into "teh"s, and all the "p o s s i b l e"s have turned into "Impossible"s. I'm fairly sure that this is an April Fools joke.
The word substitutions remind of the XKCD comic s/keyboard/leopard.
"Your signature's quote with the word substitutions

Great April Fools' Joke to the people who came up with it... You knew it would drive all the grammarians mad."
Wow... this is weird. Every April Fools, you guys come up with the most out there stuff.
Happy April Fools, you guys! The correction is great
Good job mods. You've outdone yourselves.
"holla hey this is fun
i wonder what all of the corrections are"
I'm not sure. Have you edited the Scioly.org wiki recently?
Some more quirks on April Fools Day were "scioly" to "skynet" and "wiki" to "matrix". I'm curious to know what all of the changes were, or is that the complete list?
lolol. Someone should chronicle all of the Scioly April Fools' jokes from the past
"You should chronicle them

But seriously, there could be a wiki page about it, it'd be interesting"
"We do a good 4-6 a year, and often a couple just slide past without anyone noticing. There were a few on the wiki that didn't get any reaction at all. (I guess you'll never know what those were)

Not even the staff remembers them all. We were trying yesterday to remember what we did last year, and we couldn't remember them all."
I found the rickroll.
did anyone else watch the HIMYM season finale? i hated it so much omg. that ending made me so mad, literally, what was the point of all of the character development in the middle of this season and all of the buildup, if they were just going to throw it all away like that? >_>
Because they knew people would react. Also because in reality there's never cases where there's nice character development and everything shakes out nicely, which I was pleasantly surprised to see because shows like this are almost never realistic like that.
I refuse to watch HIMYM due to its similarities to Friends.
Ugh why is this happening, people's need for a happy ending is depressing.
"spoiler alert, so don't read this if you plan on watching himym or whatever and haven't seen the ending.


In my opinion, I was fine with the mother dying, but like, seriously? Ted said that he was over Robin so many times. If he wanted to run away with her, he had the choice to when she wanted to ditch the wedding with him or just straight up give her the locket. Additionally, what was up with Barney??? He was totally in love with Robin, but then he just gives it up to go sleep with more people? Like wtf srsly. I mean sure, their marriage might have not been working out, but dang......he just threw her away to go back to his old lifestyle, after he'd been pining over her for a while/pretty much fighting over her with Ted. I was happy with how he ended up though, since he finally matured. But the way he had to finally get there was kind of smh-worthy. Did they really have to go so far as to make him the same as ""robin's dad,"" like wow. Also, would Lily have really still been friends with Robin even after she missed EVERY SINGLE important moment in their lives for a while, like really really really? Oh, also, there were a total count of 0 scenes where Ted cried over Tracy's death. i know he gave that speech but like SRSLY what bs. he loved her??? ugh

but honestly, i don't mind that ted ended up with robin, but seriously. the series of events that led up to it didn't make sense at all. ughhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
(also sorry if this is poorly written, im not gonna go back and edit or anything because im too lazy) but yeah"
High stakes State tournaments this weekend...I got a bogus phone call last week that went something like 'DO YOU WANT A DREAM VACATION TO ORLANDO, FLORIDA?...'. Someone could be seriously messing with me.
Well, do you?
yaaaaaaaaaaaay. finally on spring break! <333333
I have this funny feeling of accomplishment and pride after having 50 posts and finally getting my third star...
"Congrats, I guess.

._."
This weekend at science bowl I now know what it feels to be completely screwed by the event coords. Wait, that happened at state SO too..... Sad Face Emoticon D: D: D: D: D: D: D: D: D: D: D:
"boo.
oh my god i miss science olympiad so much it makes me so sad to read through all of these threads.

/rollsaway/"
Oh hey 2win, it's been a while since you've been on! And I completely agree, but it was an amazing experience, nonetheless
i burned my finger on a heat lamp at my state bathroom
Toured CalTech today with my dad's college friend, who's one of the top ten scientists in China and specializes in meteorology. CalTech invited him over because he's also the meteorology professor at Peking University. He is really nice, and super smart, and the whole time I was worried he would think I was stupid or something...
In June our school is holding an "open house" for kids that want to come. What should we show them besides a taster of the events?
You should have a slideshow of happy photos going on too.
If you're allowed, food or drinks is a good thing to bring to open houses like that.
Just downloaded the game 100 Balls and I am unforturnately addicted. If you read this and want to download it too, beware. It's addicting.
But at least they pronounced it right at the awards. Also, state of Japan?
This is a random comment. LOL
does anyone here play LoL?
I do! So & do a few others. :^)
"Today we had a substitute in history. Funny guy, joked around with us but still kept the class relatively mild. He had a master's degree from Yale in medieval literature, and he recited some Beowulf for us and explained to us about old English and modern English, even though it wasn't really that relevant to our history unit.

Anyone else have stories of fun or horrifying subs?"
We had an old woman who came up to our group while we were talking quite loudly and she asked my friend if English was her first language... Needless to say my friend was quite offended.
"We had one sub who kept talking about 9/11 conspiracy theories...

I don't remember anything specific because I was actually listening to my iPod the whole time xD this is just what others told me

On another note...I've got one more year T.T"
My username on league is UQonyx if anyone wants to play (with) me. And.. Mundo is the best champion.
Are we doing SciOly Superlatives 2014? Or have they already been done?
Any other seniors experiencing severe scioly withdrawal symptoms?
"I'm not a senior, but I totally am

I've got one year left...and I'm determined to make it count"
Hey! Hm, I've been interesting in playing LoL with Scioly members. That would be cool.
Yes we should do this please
"*runs in, panting* Yes... yes... just a sec. Very busy, you understand. *wrings hands, twitches, stares off into distance*

EDIT: Forgot to mention this earlier - it's up now!"
"Hey guys!
If you are interested in playing games on steam with me, please add me on steam:

C_THRU_WALL"
Just beat the guy who's supposedly the best in QuizUp insects in Vermont. He's only level 2 and he's the best in Vermont? Come on Vermont Ento people.
Thanks for reminding me to play QuizUp more this summer. I'll crush any and all challengers in board games or H2G2 (or anything sports related)
Should we share usernames?
My username on QuizUp is the same as the one on here. I welcome all challengers. (Except in topics I'm not good at. Ironically, that's mostly science.)
Once I'm done with finals, I'm coming after you in H2G2.
"Just tested this:

1. pick a random wikipedia page
2. click on the first link in the article not in a header, italics, or parentheses
3. repeat step 2 on the new article

if this is done enough times, the chain will end up at the article ""Philosophy"" almost invariably, save for a few cases where it gets stuck in a loop between two articles."
"I'm currently watching Criminal Minds(AKA one of the best shows ever). This episode has a guy who's obsessed with medieval torture and it's scaring me so much, but I can't stop watching.

Update: It's almost the end of the episode and the psychopath hasn't been arrested yet. I have a feeling I won't be able to sleep tonight."
Right? Whenever I end up watching that show/similar shows, I absolutely have to watch through the end, but I always get so scared. ;_;
Ugh...I can't even watch horro movies/episodes/shows...But I think I'd like Criminal Minds..What's it about?
"I'm a little too excited than I should be about discussing one of my favorite shows... Hehe.

Similar to how Law & Order is divided into different shows like Law & Order Special Victims Unit, Law & Order Criminal Intent, etc., the shows center around those divisions of the police station. Criminal Minds focuses on the Behavioral Analysis Unit of the FBI, and the criminals are all pyschopaths or they have something mentally wrong with them, and that's the reason why it's so scary. But trust me, it's one of the best shows ever. Spencer Reid, he's the lovable geek of the show, I would say for any SciOlympian to watch the show just to listen to his genius."
"Random question for all of you:

What does your team do after states is over (assuming you don't make it to nats)? (E.g. do you plan for next year, and if so how? or create tentative event groupings/placings?)"
That's kinda weird and interesting. I didn't know that!
Guys, please submit your SciOly Superlatives nominations to Kokonilly by Friday!
Have you ever heard the song Brave by Sara Bareilles? It's a good song..-.-
brings a tear to my eye :')
The national spelling bee is today- semifinals are going on right now, finals are at 8/7c. You can watch it on ESPN2, a play-along version on ESPN3.com, or if you don't have either of those you can hop onto IRC and I'll give you a definitely-not-illegal stream to watch it.
WHAT I THINK OF THESE (CLICK TO SHOW HIDDEN TEXT)
I watched The Fault In Our Stars yesterday. It was so good! I cried probably around 5 times, and that's really hard to believe for me since I usually don't like romance and I usually don't cry that much during movies. No matter if you've read the book or not, go see it. Please. You won't regret it, I promise.
"Ahha! It would appear as though I have returned to the forum from my hiatus. This is because...my school is (finally) putting together an official team, with a dedicated class time thingy and everything! Yay! Hopefully they don't forget about it over the summer like last year...
But I digress. Hello friends and acquaintances and everyone in-between."
Woah how'd you manage to get a SciOly class? I thought that kind of thing was a myth... (ok, I know of like, two or three, but seriously...)
Well we already had a science fair/science research class and the teacher said that doing SciOly was acceptable as well and that kids who didn't want to do science fair could do SciOly or kids that wanted to SciOly could just switch into the class. So it's more along the lines of we're allowed to use that class for SciOly purposes, not so much as Science Olympiad class. But that sounds better so we'll just keep saying that
Both my school and our rival school have SciOly as an elective class. It's really helpful.
yo! welcome back~
Wow I wish our school had a SciOly elective... Unfortunately, our meetings are only after-school. And most of the time, only half the team is there because everyone is in 1902849673 (that's exaggerating it a little but still) different after-school activities and electives (band/choir sectionals, robotics, Chinese school, etc.)
We were robbed of a potential Ochoa-Navas goalie matchup. This makes me sad.

Hot Chocolate + Drill + Spoon is not as good an idea in practice as it sounds. Whoops
Was the effort worth the potential benefits?
Potential? Yes. Actual? Ehh needs some work.
"Anyone here still into crypto currencies? No? okay.
http://latium.cc/?a_aid=53ba2c2ea79a2

I will be missing SciOly throughout High School. What can I do to stay involved?"
help the olympians from your middle school.
Form/Join a high school team.
guhhhhhhh so much anime, too little time ;@
Okay, I'm looking at the Green Gen test from the Rustin Invitational on the test exchange, and the first tiebreaker is "...Choose one way you could improve the sustainability of your school...Make sure it is realistic...". I originally was going to say "Increase awareness of importance of recycling through education", but then I thought about it a bit more, and realized that it is extremely unrealistic; something like that would never work in middle and high schools. More solar panels it is...
Heh, that was my test! I think I would consider education about recycling realistic, however it would have to go along with practical application in order to have an actual effect. Solar panels are nice too though!
Is this the longest thread on the Forums? (Has anyone been around long enough to know that?)
Not sure I have been around long enough... But yes this is the longest thread in existence on the forums.
It's been a while since I last kept track of them, but are the Sassy games still running? I remember being in 100 or 101, I think.
Nope, they died a death of inactivity. Feel free to bring them back if you want.
Maybe if I can be mysterious enough. Ah, sad to see them go. They seemed fun, even just watching them.
"FEEDBACK TIME!

Let us know what you think of the new home/navigation page here: http://www.scioly.org/phpBB3/viewtopic.php?f=25&t=5900"
Happy National Middle Child Day!
Celebrate by watching Malcolm in the Middle?
And by playing Monkey in the Middle.
"Happy International Lefty Day!
Anyone else here a lefty?"
I used to be.
"OH MY GODDd..I AM A LEFTY!!! GO LEFTIES!!!!
IT'S SO HOT OUTSIDEEE"
"You used to be?
What does that mean?!

BTW, I'm a lefty."
I used to be a lefty when I was young, but changed to be right handed.
i never used to listen to indie because i thought that the hype for it was just hipster bs, but i actually started listening to it recently and just UGH. it's seriously so great, i love it so muchhh
Woo, the board's been reset for a new year. I'm excited. My classmate was telling me he was excited.
"Agh, hiss, the light, time to start a new year I guess...

Yay, pretty things:"
I think I'm currently the only student on my team that knows... but they'll all know this afternoon.
I would like to give a big shout-out and thanks to everyone who participated and contributed to SSSS over the summer.
Huh. Robotman never answered my question about the whole "Can I make questions based on the building events" thing. Wish I could have contributed more.
For the record, it might be more prudent next time to ask the people actually running SSSS (aka mnstrviola or myself). I believe our policy for builds was that you could submit a building guide, which would be far more beneficial than questions.
He does that.
Hey! The image gallery's been updated for this season (Yeah I know, it still exists). A large number of the galleries have pictures of past builds in them already, so it might be worth a look if you need some help. It also might be helpful to everyone if you put some pictures up of your work so we can use it later on (you can still add to last seasons albums under 'Past Build Events')
"NO DOUBLE POSTING

(except iwonder, cause he's awesome like that )"
"That was probably the two most unrelated things ever. If anything was a reason to double post, I would say iwonder had it.
foreverphysics wrote:
A Person wrote:
John Richardsim wrote:
I would like to give a big shout-out and thanks to everyone who participated and contributed to SSSS over the summer.
Huh. Robotman never answered my question about the whole ""Can I make questions based on the building events"" thing. Wish I could have contributed more.
For the record, it might be more prudent next time to ask the people actually running SSSS (aka mnstrviola or myself). I believe our policy for builds was that you could submit a building guide, which would be far more beneficial than questions.
Would that just be putting tips in the wiki or actually making a guide? If the latter, I'm not sure where I would put it, as I don't think I can identify a purely building guide area."
I bet he made you say that, huh. Don't worry, you're protected from mean other admins.
Actually making a guide...and you wouldn't have to worry about where to put it, as mnstr and I would take care of that. Most likely it'd be put in the resources section of whatever build event you wrote the build guide for.
Happy Birthday to zyzzyva980!
You know you have done too much astronomy in your time when...measuring your own heart rate results in making and analyzing an O-C diagram...
"Talk Nerdy to Me(parody written out of boredom by yours truly)

I'm that kid that you pick on, international
Front row seat in the class girl, writing comfortable

'Cause I know what the nerds them need
Yale to MIT
I got A+ stamps in my notebooks
I'm not that hard to please

Been around the world I can speak the language
All the theories don't need explainin'
All you really need to understand is
When you talk nerdy to me
Talk nerdy to me
Talk nerdy to me
Talk nerdy to me

You know my grammar ain't wrong
No need for spell check
Your essays usually ain't long
But you know mine is

'Cause I know what the nerds them do
Harvard and BU
They got recommendations and references
College they're coming for you!

Been around the world, dragons I'll be slayin'
My best asset is my huge big brain
All you really need to understand is
When you talk nerdy to me
Talk nerdy to me
Talk nerdy to me
Talk nerdy to me

Uno, my grades just can't be zero
Dos, video games make me the hero
Tres, we can make a violin trio
Quatro, ooh

(Rap Part)
That's right, I'm a genius
Athletics is my biggest weakness
Exams only take me a sec
I still don't know how to reply to your text
Internationally ranked the best
Every test I take, I pose a threat
Scholarships, what do you expect?
Still haven't quite hit puberty yet
Anyway, every day I'm trying to get to it
Got my resumes lined up for the Ivy League
Anyway, every day I'm trying to get to it
Got my resumes lined up for the Ivy League

Been around the world, I can speak your language
Calculus don't need explainin'
All I really need to understand is
When you talk nerdy to me
Talk nerdy to me
Talk nerdy to me
Talk nerdy to me
Talk nerdy to me"

Did you know there were songs about solor system/meterology..and they actually help..XD
"Too bad there aren't any fossil songs...

BTW, I reached my 100th useful post today!
...Just felt like saying that."
We COULD make up a fossil song...
I was actually thinking of writing one for each of my study events(which includes Fossils). Just waiting until I learn a little bit more about them and until I can find a good song to write a parody of.
"Haha, that's not a bad idea...
My science teacher used to find songs for every unit we did...."
Oooh, just think of a good song, that has a good beat or good music..and replace the lyrics with all the fossils! XD I don't know..it COULD work!
Why not try doing that with Alphabet Aerobics. All the lyrics are already miscellaneous, so I think it would be pretty easy. The hardest part would be finding enough words to use, so you would have to also include fossil related terms.
"Woot, just put together a 25 term Quizlet set with pictures in only about 45 minutes (including the time it took to get the images)! Now let's see if I can go that fast creating a fossil IDing one...

Edit: Oh yeah, I forgot to mention that someone I know came to my lunch table in the middle of lunch and gave me his tooth."
Well, this is interesting.
Quote someone in a post and they will now get notified!
What an awesome feature!
There are more ways to get notifications!
Heads up, the "report" and "quote" buttons cover the "online" banner.
Still only three quotes per post though
Does anyone notice the new....way the website is set up now? Or is it just me?
I think its just you, I don't think anything has changed.
Just a random question: do the admins have the power to look at everyone's private messages to each other?
The only way for a staff member to view a PM is if you or the recipient reports the PM to us, otherwise it is completely Private, thus living up to the name Private Message.
.....The website is diffrent...0-0 I don't KNOW ANYMOREEE
"It's really not that drastic of a change...

Today (and yesterday too) we had to work on a presentation with a partner in history. My partner is one of my teammates (who does a lot of Earth & space sci events) and when we finished 10 minutes early we just started taking an oceanography test together."
"I was thinking of movies that each event should watch together. Anatomy/Bio Process can watch marathons of House, General Hospital, or any doctor-y show(not a movie but I can't think of any movies that are themed around a hospital and doctors?). Can't Judge a Powder can watch Breaking Bad maybe? Crime Busters can watch CSI. Disease Detectives can watch Contagion. Dynamic Planet can watch Finding Nemo, or Dolphin Tale, or Free Willy, Percy Jackson and the Sea of Monsters(ok maybe not) or any other one of the bazillion movies that take place in or around the ocean. Entomology can watch A Bug's Life or The Bee Movie. Fossils can watch Jurassic Park. Meteorology(and Food Science I guess, even though it's not an event anymore) can watch Cloudy With a Chance of Meatballs, or Sharknado just for laughs. Robo-Cross...there are so many robot movies. Solar System can watch Apollo 13 or any other space movie.

Any other movies you guys can think of?"
Dear 2y/o PH, welcome to the confusing world of double negatives.
I'm starting to think I may be too competitive on Quizlet; I'm looking back at sets from a class that I took last year to make sure I still have the top scores.
Don't worry, I do that too...
aaaaa
Oh dear...XD I guess I'm not the only one that makes sure I stay in top at certain things..XDXDXD
I'm...I'm not the only one?!?!
From GoofyFoofer's recent comment history, it seems like he is having a lot of fun with font sizes.
Font sizes are awesome!
Am I the only one who gets logged off of the forums constantly?
Nope. Bearasaurus keeps eating all the cookies so we don't have any left to keep track of logins with.
I was wondering about that. At least Google has my username/password in autofill.
"WHEN IS RIVER SONG COMING BACK
Am I the only one who waits for each new DW episode waiting for River?"
Umm. We watched her birth. It's past her time now man, unless they do another strange excuse to use the digital version of her again... I wouldn't hold my breath.
SPOILER (MAYBE....) (CLICK TO SHOW HIDDEN TEXT)
SINCE WE'RE DOING THIS (CLICK TO SHOW HIDDEN TEXT)
Ya ya I get that part. But they never showed her death, or why, or when. Knowing British television, they milk drama until not a drop remains. Who wouldn't seize the opportunity? And didn't River say to 11 that she would travel with him, and yet is only in one episode after that?
They showed her death in the library.. Remember that her timeline runs reverse to the show. So the first time we saw her was when she 'died' or was saved to the computer in the library.
What show is this?
Doctor Who, and that was a great episode.
Heh, yeah.. Sorry for all the spoilers if you aren't caught up on the show
Silence in the Library is possibly my favorite doctor who episode of all time!
Ohhhh I'm a total idiot hahaha
"Yes you are!
(sorry if this is a little rude...)"
"Woot, Division A Science O is starting in my school district. There's an article about it in my town's newspaper, and the most amazing part is when they mention 2 kids from my elementary school that are interested in participating (let's just say my elementary school tends not to preform the best).

Also, a couple of my teammates from last year who are now sophomores dragged me into something today (if I remember correctly, it was something for student senate) and I'm not exactly sure, but I think I have to hold a banner for the 10th graders at the homecoming football game this Friday."
My random comment of the day: Switzerland, of all countries, allows all of it's citizens to have guns in their home. This is ironic because Switzerland is notorious for being "peaceful" and staying neutral in both of the two World Wars. Pretty random.
"Switzerland is notorious for staying neutral. They're very good at their neutrality, so good in fact, that every male over 19 is forced to join the military. They've also got a system of tunneled hideaways in the Alps and some stories would have you believe they can put the whole military inside the mountains that are so well fortified the combined armies of Europe (or something like that) couldn't move them. Most bridges and infrastructure used to have explosives to demolish them in case of invasion, rendering the country worthless. Everyone has access to a shelter. They also would shot down some of the aircraft that violated their airspace in WW2 (ironically, it was German equipment shooting down German planes) Etc, etc, etc.

I think a lot of that's changed in recent years, and I'm by no means an expert, but there's a good reason they allow people to keep guns

(ever wondered why there's such a thing as a swiss army knife?)"
woahhh this forum layout is pretty sick. thumbs up.
Division A is starting in our district too! It's taking place after our States and we're not going to to Nats unless we murder the competition so we'll have lots of time to help out the younger kids and probably help proctor. We might even have it at our school, which is very exciting.
That's awesome!
hello
"I wonder if you guys know that you can make up your own quotes...
It's helpful for stating false info!"
I saw bearasmith do it once
I AM BACK! Missed me?
hello
"um...
sure!"
Our APES field trip was canceled
Ah, that sucks. Where was it originally to?
It's seriously called "apes"?
Yes
Unless Cheesy and I are talking about two different classes, I believe she's talking about AP Environmental Science. Funny, isn't it? Kinda like APUSH, AP US History.
oh
"Yeah. It is AP Environmental. Probably my favorite class

And it was to Springbrook Prairie."
Emoticons!!!,
"YAY! I finished my debate notecards!
Now I get to go kick some butt*!

(*Is ""butt"" a censored word? If so, then sorry )"
I am at school and I have been reloading Scioly.org every minute hoping for a new post. Scioly.org is the new Facebook.
"lol this is iconic.
this used to be me so hard"
Band is ome of the most awesomest things in the world..besides alpacas and unicorns and LLAMAS...GO TROMBONE PLAYERSSSS...
Today in Bio, my teacher showed us a paper she was grading, in which the student misspelled insect. They switched the c and s...yeah... :/

"I CAN'T EVEN.

Btw for APES today, we're going to the graveyard across the street from the school."
...why?
"Whoa, you have a graveyard across from your school? Same here!

Don't think my class will be visiting it or anything."
"My school practically IS the graveyard.
(now that I'm typing this, I realize it makes no sense, but this is ""Your Daily Random Comment"", so... )"
Random comment of the day! Yay! I guess that means more time spent on the forums than studying....but it's worth it.
True that...
Update, my Latin class will be visiting it. Man, what are the chances that I would have a class do that?
There's a dead language pun here somewhere...
Wow, it's the 28th already...I wonder how many days until my regional competition...150...
Super excited for Halloween, even though I only eat around a quarter of the candy I get...
Best wishes to all those still working on their early action/early decision college applications! A little over 48 hours left!
It must suck for those states that have rain on Halloween.. Wonder how they would go trick-or-treating..XD
Eh, people will still do it, just not for a long time. People are going on about how they claim there's going to be snow tonight too, but yeah, I'm pretty sure that's not going to happen.
I live near Chicago. There will be snow. That's why I'm trick-or-treating from home (eating my parents' candy that they're supposed to give out.) and watching bad Syfy.
"happy halloween everyone~!
yeah there's a great chance that it might rain but i'm going trick-or-treating with friends anyway bc why not, yolo"
Hmm, I guess the meteorologists were right about the snow. I wonder if it's warmer further inland...
Hopefully it doesn't rain til very late night! And HAPPY HALLOWEEN EVERYONEE!!!
There's snow predicted for this weekend even down here
P-P-P-POLAR VORTEX (where do I even start with that term...).
Saw a number of comments earlier from excited trick-or-treaters! How much candy did you get?
One of the worst things in the world is when your family has paid for cable and on-demand. But a week later when you come home and want to watch everything you've missed... but they mess up and post the newest episode in SD and no HD and everything is sad and terrible.
The main thing was >50mph wind gusts and snow flurries.
the rain was fun, but I feel bad for the people who went with elaborate costumes. I was trick-or-treating in a place where it was only drizzling so it wasn't too bad. I woke up in the middle of the night because of the extremely loud wind. Thanks wind.
A LOTTT! Not including our own candy that was supposed to be handed out, because barely anyone came by.. NOW I GET NEARLY A WHOLE BIG COSTCO BAG OF CANDYYY!
"So I'm interrupting the conversation, but I just got my account back after abandoning it for two years, and I have to say I am amazed at how many names I still recognize. And everything is... backwards? Usernames on the left?

anyway, wonderful to see y'all again! Does anyone still know who I am?"
At least a few of us remember seeing your name around here.
I think I recognize your profile picture, it does look familiar.
Last night I had a dream in which I came on here and there was an update...and then I woke up in the morning to find the competition advertising forum... :/ ...
"That kind of thing happens to me so much!
It's rather freaky."
Funny, I'm actually back because I dreamt about my first scioly competition - 8 years ago. Everything was in really vivid detail (including our very sad robot) and I was just being nostalgic. I've also woken up screaming because I dreamed that I forgot to turn in final papers... hours AFTER turning them in.
Indigo is when blue impregnates purple and purple does drugs during the pregnancy.
trololol
You guys should help us improve the board by offering suggestions in our Feedback Thread!
What the butterfly does that mean?
tru dat
That indigo is a useless color.
It doesn't show up as censored in your post to me though? Weird...
Welcome back! It's been a long time, wanna check your PM?
Nice to see you, tuftedtitmouse12!
TUFTED YOU'RE BACK~!
CHEESYPIE! wait...you go to my old high school, right?
"Oh, it means that you can make fake quotes from people by just typing in what you want to ""quote"".

(I'm simple minded and easily amused so I found that and decided it was awesome )"
Ahhh got it. I'll keep that in mind
ugh im so pumped for thanksgiving break already and it doesnt even happen until like two more weeks. fml.
"Me, too!
200 posts!
Yay."
Hmm...
How do you quote people?
Put quote="nameofperson" in square brackets and end with /quote in square brackets.
...
"CODE: SELECT ALL
[quote=""RaisinBrandon""] hello! [/quote]"
Please tell me you noticed that they were quoting someone while asking how to quote....
Yes. It's quite ironic.
Hello everyone. I hope you all like cake.
I hope so too
Just got done proctoring the div A astronomy event at my school district's ESO tournament. Waiting for awards right now, so I'm just sitting in the planetarium and rocking out to my jams.
"Were the kids fun?
lol did you DQ anyone?"
"No, I didn't DQ anyone (of the whole less than 15 people who did the event).
Were the kid's fun? Were they supposed to be fun?
I should have explained the concept of ""if you skip a question, skip a blank on your answer sheet"" because only one pair of kids remembered to do that.
Before the awards, I was in the planetarium with a few of my teammates. Although I was having a party and pumping up dem beats, my teammates were content to just sit and mess around on their phones for the entire hour...biggest buzzkills ever..."
"lol
So did they all fail the test?"
"Some did. There was a pair that got 2/34, but there was also a pair that got 21/34 (they were the ones who didn't get completely thrown off on the powerpoint part (actually, it looked like they got thrown off for part of it, but they did recover)).
Edit: Oh, there was also some cool mouse pads from the 1996 National Tournament in there."
I guess potatoes gonna potate.
NO!!!!!
WE FINALLY BEAT WHEATON WARRENVILLE SOUTH!!!!!!!!!
Good job?
Who is that?
A team we've lost to for the past 3 years. The best part was that we were missing our 3rd and 4th boards, so I moved up to third board and still won.
Nice job, Cheesy Pie! It's always nice to see a team make a comeback. It's never a fun competition when no one can contest.
Definitely. A turnover is always a good end to a competition (at least, one that you're not competing in )
Thanks . It felt pretty good
Pretty soon I'm going to be doing a lab in bio in which I need to collect bacteria samples from around the school. Any suggestions as to where I should go for this?
"Telephones and lockers

i'm kinda sick, but I already missed today of school... I'm just now feeling a little bit better, but on Saturday I have my first Invitational this year and I don't want to miss it. Any suggestions for cures for headaches, slight fevers, and sore throat?"
I've never had to do this, but I think places that might be cool would be like a lever/button on a water fountain, spigot of a water fountain, a clean lunch tray, a door handle to the bio room, the mouse on a commonly used computer. Basically places that would surprise a germaphobe and cause them to wear a hazmat suit.
Yeah, Chattahoochee will be fun (although probably badly run )
My regionals had tests from the wiki and used charts that we had on our cheat sheet...
At our Regionals, Anatomy had some images that we had on ours too (although I will say that it was one of the best anatomy tests I've ever taken)
Heh, I miss the days of high school chess. We might try starting a college league for Philadelphia at some point, but I can't imagine it'll feel the same haha.
I think Anatomy is a great event.
Do you like the event because of its content or how it is run? If the latter, how have you seen it run?
Our first invitational that was supposed to be tomorrow got snowed out
Dang, that sucks. Which state?
Kansas lol
"Wait...
What?"
"yep... We're getting snow in November
Except it only snowed for like 30 mins today"
We got snow on Halloween. (Illinois) And we'd still go to the invite. For something to be snowed out here, you need more than a meter probably.
Little disappointed by Kansas there. Usually it takes a good amount to cancel something. Southland seemed a little trigger-happy, I guess. Hope all goes well at North's invite that I assume is still happening this upcoming weekend. (I'm disappointed I won't be able to be there)
lol I woke up today and there was like a millimeter of snow on the ground...
See, I'm looking out the window, and the Chicago skies are letting down nice fluffy snow. There's still people here who decided a coat isn't a thing they need yet; anything in Chicago gets shut down when hell freezes over. Or when the arctic gets transplanted to Illinois.
Chicago gets shut down for snow?
Meanwhile, it's 77 degrees and sunny in SoCal... REAL fall and winter is all I really want right now
It's been snowing in Minnesota for a week now, and everything seems so beautiful. It will get arduous in February I'm sure.
Wow... we're in Georgia and probably wouldn't cancel until like 3 inches.
People at my school have somehow decided to park right in the bike lane and next to the no parking signs, and when I ride out into the car lane to go around them, I get cussed out. I hate the drivers here...
"SAME
im from norcal though

it was pretty cold this morning though so i guess it's getting colder but likeeee. yeah."
Haha, that's not true. We all saw how you reacted last winter to an inch of snow ;)
By "cold," do you mean 50 degrees? Because it's 20 here.
That was closer to 4 inches (although that reaction was mostly due to the traffic; I was in traffic for eight hours on a five-mile trip)
You're still sissies. We hardly care about a foot of snow.
A millimeter of snow where I live would be scary...
"We have nothing to plow roads.
Cheesy Pie wrote:
By ""cold,"" do you mean 50 degrees? Because it's 20 here.
Yeah, we have 25 down here."
I've been trying to get into the habit of using Celsius, which I should have done for Metric Mastery in hindsight, and seeing everyone say 20 degrees is confusing me at first glance. It's 20 degrees here in KY. And -7 degrees C.
When I went to Hawaii in fourth grade, we had school cancelled due to extreme cold. And my parents were telling some of the locals about it, and they looked at them like they were crazy.
"Well, for those talking about snow: How about what's happening in Buffalo right now? 6 feet in some areas.

That's not 6 inches... that's 6 feet."
Last year, some house near where I have chess lessons had a 20 foot Olaf snowman that didn't melt until April or May.
From "smart questions, stupid answers"
Of course, the argument can be made (from a structural standpoint) that a lack of progress (in the form of change) is a good thing.
Are you a republican?
No. I qualify my positions through reason. Also, as I said, from a structural standpoint means that it does not inherently serve the interests of any one party, since currently both parties are approximately equally likely to push for change. It is in terms of preventing what can be termed as hasty action.
What does wanting to keep the status quo have to do with any party? I'm sure everyone wants to see some sort of change.
Precisely what I said (in tl;dr form )
Good point.
"I looked out my window and thought it was raining...turns out it was just the snow on the roof melting...
Edit: and now it is raining..."
I guess I enjoy reading the content because the human body is an amazing thing, and every time I study for Anatomy, I learn something new and interesting.
"Ferguson.
I have no words..."
"I kinda feel like we wouldn't know everything about the case. Whether or not that officer was shooting in self defense, we won't know. Because of that, I'm gonna assume that the ruling that the court made was the better one.

It's either that, or condemn a police officer for shooting in self defense."
Thanksgiving Break. A week of SciOly and wishing I wasn't smart enough to be in advance science.
"Why so? Lots of homework?

It generally gets worse, though. Breaks are just the perfect times for papers or projects, so it seems for teachers."
"I'd like to respectfully disagree with your opinion. The trial was just an indictment trial, deciding whether or not a trial should then take place to decide if Wilson was guilty or innocent. They were not deciding Wilson's innocence or guilt at this point. The jury's decision shows that they think there is not any doubt at all surrounding the events of Ferguson and that there is no probable cause that Wilson could be guilty. I think that given the nature of the situation, and all the controversy and doubt surrounding the evidence and the accounts, there should be a trial to bring justice to Michael Brown's family. Or even just to clear up the situation.

Also, there's been enough evidence that refutes the ""self defense"" story (see below..)

Just going to leave some links and resources here for anyone who wants to educate themselves with FACTS and resources about Ferguson:
About the trial:
http://fishingboatproceeds.tumblr.com/p ... -its#notes
Live updates:
http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/liv ... 984ba77b57
https://twitter.com/ShaunKing
Evidence:
http://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2014 ... oting.html
http://i.cdn.turner.com/cnn/2014/images ... nippet.pdf
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fRbiEZ_vIOQ
http://slytherin.tk/post/103565025074/c ... ts-and-dog
http://www.dailykos.com/story/2014/08/1 ... igar-Theft
A post with a lot of the info:
http://feministwomenofcolor.tumblr.com/ ... s-decision
Articles about the decision:
http://www.dailykos.com/story/2014/11/2 ... on-outcome
http://www.vox.com/2014/11/24/7175967/d ... n-ferguson
The Ferguson response:
http://fergusonresponse.tumblr.com/
Bloggers that have been following & updating about this event since the beginning: (you can find some resources on how you can help too)
http://justice4mikebrown.tumblr.com/tagged/how+to+help
http://iwriteaboutfeminism.tumblr.com/
http://socialjusticekoolaid.tumblr.com/tagged/ferguson
https://secure.piryx.com/donate/mS25KFCe/MORE/mikebrown
More awareness and Ferguson blogs/posts:
http://angryasianfeminist.tumblr.com/tagged/ferguson
http://slytherin.tk/tagged/ferguson
http://wildflowerveins.tumblr.com/"
Not many people even know that a grand jury is for indictment
No, you don't. Just a reminder to stay within the SciOly rules and not to turn YDRC into a giant political mess of an argument.
You're right, my bad. I guess I'm just upset, but I won't be posting about this anymore. Thanks for the friendly reminder
"The

Aargh! I'm only in eight grade! Apparently it gets worse in high school. Too bad my science teacher is our coach."
Meh, depends on the teacher. My AP Gov teacher gives us all tons of stuff to do, but I get almost nothing from Honors Chemistry (and we'll still all probably ace the standardized tests )
Which admin/moderator do you guys think has the best avatar?
Well obviously me
Definitely robotman
Both of you are wrong
iwonder, hands down.
I like zyzzyva980's and Aia's.
"Woah, I just found an old website for my district's Division B Science Olympiad program from the late 90s!
Oooh, it included the top scores from state and regionals that year!
Looks like the page was still under construction...
Kind of eerie to look at..."
"Link?

Linkie link, I wanna see."
"It's Pokemon Profile Picture month again!

Am I the only one that celebrates it? Is it just me? Oh. Okay. :("
Am I doing this right
Yes. Good job
Well, time sure has taken a beating to the place (and no, I don't just mean that it's aesthetically outdated): http://ghmso.tripod.com/
Well... my computer gave an alert about too many popups...
"This is awesome...It asked me to sign the guestbook. More websites these days need to do that.

It's neat to see the names for some of the old events."
"I'm back
First, a very inactive thanksgiving,
then a four-day vacation,
then getting food poisoning from eating at a fancy restaurant,
and then sitting on the couch watching TV and drinking Gatorade.

What a great Thanksgiving break!"
Has anyone else noticed the last post on both the 2013 and 2014 threads are 2014 Illinois?
Nope
WE ARE SUCH REBELS, ENDING THE 2013 FORUMS WITH THE 2014 THREAD.
"It's raining where I live in SoCal today and it finally feels cold for once. I love it.

For us, instead of saying ""it's beginning to look a lot like Christmas"" we say ""it's beginning to feel a tiny bit like fall."""
"I feel you. I'm in Texas and up till yesterday it was 70's all the time. It's supposed to get back up there by the end of the week.

I just want my cold weather......."
Want cold weather? Then come up here to IL. It's currently 24 degrees right now...
What is the record for idle time on the SciOly IRC chat?
Does anyone here actively play League of Legends? I just hit lvl 30, and I'm really looking to improve and it would be awesome to duo with someone with experience. If someone would like to hit me up, my IGN is the same as my username. I'd really like to learn more and to get better.
Uh...how is it in SoCal? Or California in total...XD I don't think it could look like Christmas over there..I mean..it barely snows, right?
And that's warmish for us.
24° Celsius is what we're used to in the perfect weather of California...
The record is Kirk. Kirk is the record.
Yes. All hail kirk.
all hail
I'll make sure I message you if I ever see you online. I already have you as a friend, so I'll see if I can find some time.
"Currently cutting out about ~1300 pictures of raindeer for Melville's premier cult.

We're very festive."
i do too!! any of you guys can add me if you want, just tell me who you are so i don't reject the fr, lol. my ign is pointfiveasian.
double post whoops
Seeing, as there was no Tennessee forum, I found it fit to post this here. Is anyone going to the Friendship Christian Invitational?
I suppose you could make one even if you're not in that state. We (FSA) are sending 3 teams, Bearden is coming, probably Cedar Springs as well. That's all I know right now.
Yep. Ideally, someone competing in each state creates that thread, but sometimes we don't have active people in certain states, so it's perfectly fine for anyone to make that thread if they have things to discuss!
Then why won't anyone post in the Minnesota thread?
Still has more posters than the Washington 2015 thread :P
Unome we need to meet up sometime. I think you guys are going to all the invites that we are going to. We went to Hooch, now, Friendship Christian, and I assume y'all are going to Dodgen?
We would never miss Dodgen . Our coach actually commented on the fact that we would be competing against you almost as often as we would be competing against Dodgen (and you're definitely good competition)
I think FSA was the first team I actually interacted with outside of our state. I remember that FSA (not sure if you were old enough or on the team yet) was sitting in front of us 2 and a half years ago at the first UCF nats in 2012.
If I was on the team at the time, I might have had a chance (a slim chance, but still...), but no, the only 6th grader that year is now at Milton High School. I (for some dumb reason) didn't join until 7th grade.
*cough* did someone say Dodgen? lolzor (<something my friend made up) FSA better have their A-game for DP and any other team for that matter. I've always remembered FSA as the study people, Booth as the build-it's, and Dodgen as the eh team. Good luck to you all (Southern dialect creeping in) in your next comp.!
I'll actually be competing in Dynamic Planet at Friendship Christian (although it's probably my worst event), but apparently I overestimated the current team in DP (unless it was a scoring error cough Road Scholar)
Cool! We're not going though. Though we have your Fossils test from Chat. or Hooch whichever you prefer.
"I've heard that test is a 3ish year old test that was reconfigured by the Green Generation coach (but it was still good).

One thing I've noticed especially is that your team tends to be more flat in the competitions (by flat I mean low standard deviation) whereas FSA always bombs an event (to my knowledge, we have never not )"
Wait, where is azurite from?
I would suggest you read his signature
If you were using gender neutral adjectives, that's me! I'll give you some clues. Hosting an invite this year and you just happen to be going there.
yeah, one thing I've noticed about scioly is that it's almost impossible to guess peoples' gender reliably.
It's okay though. Masculine pronouns were once gender neutral and still is a bit. But I don't like to guess, though, because that'll offend someone someday. It's interesting to see that SciOly has decided to not list the gender, probably bcause it doesn't really matter, but you can tell sometimes which is also interesting. Another interesting fact is that we are pretty much the only ones posting at this time.
Actually, I just made that assumption because of your speech (although if I was thinking more I would have thought about my previous experiences)
I guess I have more of a laid back speech pattern but that's mostly because I don't really know what to say. Sometimes it takes at least 5 minutes to figure out how to respond to a text.
"=
If you were using gender neutral adjectives, that's me! I'll give you some clues. Hosting an invite this year and you just happen to be going there. [/quote]
yeah, one thing I've noticed about scioly is that it's almost impossible to guess peoples' gender reliably.[/quote]
It's okay though. Masculine pronouns were once gender neutral and still is a bit. But I don't like to guess, though, because that'll offend someone someday. It's interesting to see that SciOly has decided to not list the gender, probably bcause it doesn't really matter, but you can tell sometimes which is also interesting. Another interesting fact is that we are pretty much the only ones posting at this time.[/quote]

As a strong feminist, I would be personally offended. Them, you, and their are perfect gender neutral pronouns."
I agree with you in that "he" or "him" is not gender-neutral, but I don't think that "them" and "their" are always fitting, as they refer to a group of people, not one person. Personally, I use "him or her" as gender-neutral, though it sometimes makes things a bit too lengthy.
"Yes, I generally do the same. From 1850ish to 1951 a (relatively) popular one was ""thon"" (supposedly a contraction of ""that one"" )

Also, Fibonacci, you forgot to edit out the text when you were removing the 4th quote."
Look what you've done, Unome
The people who sit around me in class know me as the guy who browses "that" forum.
I know a few people from my school that are on scioly, but to the best of my knowledge, none of them have ever posted
Aside from Forever, Scibomb, and Illusion, who are all not really at my school, but in the system, I am the only one who posts on the forum.
In real life, they're not acceptable, but in general most people use it that way. Like in quotes, "He shall not blah blah blah..." Honestly, I love the idea of gender quality, but getting fussy over pronouns is a little over-reacting because it is supporting gender segregation. Fibonacci, I can totally understand your point, but that's just my opinion. Also I don't usually like using them and their because if I use that instead of his or her then I get counted off on grammar in my papers.
Nicely said.
"Okay then... we all have different opinions.

I'm pretty sure I'm the only person from my school that posts here."
Once you convince someone to start, it won't take long (at least, it won't if they post frequently for a while)
Congrats to Unome for posting comment 17777 of "Your Daily Random Comment" thread!
Math for the win!
Second day of Winter Break. I'm starting to get board. Oh well, I have two weeks off from school. Got to get used to it, I guess.
Well, more time to study!
You could also be using this time to get ahead in the wiki editing contest!
I wish I could (unfortunately, I have two cheat sheets to finish by the end of Winter Break)
For what?
By that do you mean the events, or the competition?
The events.
Oh; Meteorology and Solar System.
I'm happy my partner's ex-partner is amazing at Meteorology. We'll use his notes instead of mine. I'm new to this whole thing, so I don't know enough about editing to win. I don't think I should even try. It would give me something to do, though. I'll think about it. Thanks zyzzva980!
Just out of general curiosity, would anyone be interested in joining a scioly.org group on chess.com if it existed?
I'd be up for that. My username is the same as my scioly one. How good are you?
I've been hovering around 1700 for the past month or two. I just figure, if reddit can have a chess.com group, we could as well.
Woah, check it, West Virginia is hosting a state tournament this year!: http://www.marshall.edu/cos/communityou ... Index.html
Oh, wow! I remember that was one of the first things I learned when told that this was a national tournament was that WV didn't have a team.
Vermont is still holding out on us
After that, just the rest of the world, right?
Even parts of the rest of the world have beaten Vermont to the punch (Canada, Japan...)
Huh. I didn't know Canada had a team. Is that new?
Vermont should be ashamed. They were beaten by Canada of all people. There should be an international competition. I wonder if Great Britain might join.
I saw a documentary about the IHSA State Chess tournament. Our team's coach was in it. I recognized a lot of people in it XD (and Naperville North's tacky orange suits)
Canada had a team in the mid 2000s that participated, but they don't anymore. Still better than Vermont.
Mexico routinely sends (or sent) a team to compete in Texas's State Competition.
Well... never heard about that before.
"Neither did I. Has Mexico always snuck up on us?

Anyway, happy New Years! Looks like there would be no flying cars or hovercraft as promised by Back to the Future Part 2."
You never know..have you seen the TIME article about the 2015 stuff? Hoverboard is on it so I'm just wishing for now.
"https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/14 ... hoverboard

There ya go."
Hi! Been a while. School's been school. "yay" We should start up the Assassination Game again. Welp, got homework to do.
I always see people referencing the Assassination Game, but I still have no idea what it is.
Look in the early posting games.
Sigh.... I remember those days. It died a while back.
Those were the days, weren't they? It seems like many normal posters I remember from back then have become admins or mods here... like you! And then there are the people that stopped posting on the forum from that time, like Cedavis6 and Starpug(I think?)
Can I pretend to be nostalgic about something I don't actually remember?
Hmmm, although I want to see the Sassy games running again and I've tried to learn how to play so I can restart them, I always end up getting bored and instead I go to where all the cool kids hang out.
Oh I see you guys are alive and well. I thought something was wrong because the most active posters here probably died for a while. It seems that no one to start a topic then no one posts at all. A sad, sad story indeed.
I keep up on everything, I just don't post randomly.
I checked it out, and it seems like fun. It would be nice to start it up again.
School got cancelled again
Cold day, second day in a row. Finals also got pushed back a day...this is why it makes much more sense to have finals before break. Cheesy, do you think they'll cancel for tomorrow too?
Hi tuftedtitmouse12!
Hello! Well they didn't
Well, New Trier wrote up a petition and posted it on the Humans of New York facebook page xD
Woke up today to a lot of posts in the build events forum. Was an awesome day.
"Hey Guys!
If anyone here is a wikimod (or possibly an admin, I'm not sure), I accidentally sent you a PM through the forums that was meant for someone from Nationals last year. Feel free to disregard the message
Sorry for the mix-up"
I was scanning through the wiki and I just now realized that the summary section existed for edits
god i love tswift's song blank swift so much. LOL
The elephant licks the screen while slipping on rough sheep.
Your avatar is giving me anxiety.
That avatar is amazing and confusing at the same time.
I didn't even know we allowed gifs....
...
Aia's had an animated avatar for a while.
Guess it isn't so much a daily comment as it is a bimonthly one.
"I guess so...

Happy MLK Day
THINGS TO DO

1) Actually have fun
2) Do homework
3) Watch Selma
4) Sleep
5) Play League or something
6) Panic about life
7) Study for SciOly
8) Study for SciOly
9) Study for SciOly
10) Study for SciOly"
Yeah, that's how it always seems to go.
me: *goes on reddit during la clase de espanol*
"Hi there. I haven't checked in yet this season, in case anyone noticed. I should try to get my activity back up as this competition season gains momentum...in the meantime, a couple thoughts from last season that I normally would have posted elsewhere sooner:

1. Regional SO differences are fascinating. I knew this already, but it didn't become tangible until last season really how different SO is in Chicagoland (well, really the Chicago northern and western suburbs, specifically) is from southern IL and Saint Louis county (and MO at large, really). I can only imagine what it's like elsewhere, especially in states that are not heavily represented on those site activity maps. The mood of the tournaments is so different.

2. There is some seriously crazy stuff that happens behind the scenes at some tournaments. One Regional tournament from last season took the cake on this one, where circumstances led to me having to prepare a stuff-heavy event at emergency's notice within a window of a few hours. Talk about stress...it didn't help that, as a first-timer, that site was an easy one to get lost at with how spread out everything was. Actually, I got lost at the MO State tournament, too. The best part there was that the students didn't know their way around that awful building, either! Although, Mizzou has a beautiful campus.

3. While I still have not made it to Nationals myself, without going into too much detail, my activities last season directly chose between one of two C division teams for the National tournament in favor of the one whom I feel deserved to go (where the other would have went had I not done...what I do). It was kind of a surreal feeling to have that level of influence. Put another way, to one team of high school students, I'm, like, the worst thing that happened to them last year!

4. Here's one of my latest entries into the Hall of Shame.
http://i1285.photobucket.com/albums/a58 ... d226bb.jpg
The image is too big for tags."
"Wait... what?

PS Welcome back!
PSS You're late.
PSSS Actually, I just realized that PPS would make more sense..."
Waffles. Discuss.
Why waffles? Why not French toast?
"PSSSSSSSt, Unome-
Hi. That statement was intentionally vague, so take from it whatever you can .

On waffles:
http://foodnetwork.sndimg.com/content/d ... r-Grid.jpg
This is too big, too. Anyway, I have this on my DVR and haven't watched it yet, but Food Network had a best breakfast special last night. And, those waffles in quadrant three look amazing."
Don't like waffles, end of story. I'm more of an European breakfast person with hot cocoa and pastries.
I've never understood what "pastries" actually refer to.
Scones, croissants, fancy baked goods.
See, now, the idea of an English Continental breakfast actually does sound good to me. I've built up a bit of a reputation among my family for being able to eat almost anything that isn't poisonous or otherwise inedible.
I'm the same way, but I abhor beans.
Which event was this? I do tab room/various stuff at an invitational in Texas, this year we had to, make a test, prepare solutions and samples, get all the other materials ready, proctor, and grade Crime Busters in a span of about 6 hours. (We started making tests at like 11am, the event was moved back to 2pm (two time slots), and the grading was done by 5:00pm.
"Oh, goodness. It's been a long time since I've been on the forums, hasn't it?

I decided not to continue with Science Olympiad this year and focus on school, dance, and my music. But then I hurt my knee and voila- - I had nothing to do! So now I'm going to be helping out with my old Junior High"
Yes, everyone always ends up back here eventually; it's impossible to quit.
"Uh, tab room? Is that like hospitality or headquarters? Anyway, your story is rough, too (it's hard to say which one was 'worse' without having been there and experienced it). It's pretty admirable that they decided to go through with it versus canceling the event, particularly given the sheer level of set-up required there. I can't imagine that was fun at all because the (really only) fun in writing and supervising CB is composing the crime scenario, which you had no time for! Yikes all around...but, thanks for helping make that happen, at any rate.

Here was the deal with mine. Regional tournaments shouldn't have this problem (which, unfortunately, is more common than we'd like to believe) because of in-place safety nets. However, due to the nature of the event (o Metric Mastery, how I loathe thy visage), the safety net didn't work. I assured the tournament and State directors that I could manage writing it because I had the station and key formatting already on my laptop from a past tournament, so I trained a couple others to supervise and score the event that I came there to run and went on preparing this, instead. The institution was very well-stocked, and the employees there were tremendously helpful with locating the instrumentation that I called for. I was assigned a couple preservice teacher volunteers, and we rocked it. There weren't that many B division teams there, but it was worth the effort. As for why the originally assigned event supervisor could not make it with their test and supplies, I think it was weather, of all things, and the unusual distribution of teams in the state."
Tab room is what we call the room where we get all the results sheets and put them into the final score sheets and check for people cross competing and such, so headquarters is a pretty good name. We found out halfway through the first time slot that there wasn't a proctor, so after a bit of discussion and tons of help from other coaches and offers for help got to work setting the event up.
That is awful! I feel sorry for those with back to back events after that.
"Random question that I'm actually really curious about- how many boys and girls do you have in your SciOly entire group and in your competition team?

In our entire SciOly class there are 21 boys and 22 girls, and for our two teams for our next invitational, our first team has 7 boys and 8 girls, our second team has 8 boys and 7 girls.

Ours is pretty even, how about yours?"
Ours is strange; it varies greatly from year to year. My grade had about 80% boys, but the grade below us currently has about 90% girls, and the grade after has (very roughly) about 60% boys.
"Basically, here's how my team is split up (I'm just going to go from the 15 on the ""varsity"" team)
8th graders- 7 total, 2 guys, 5 girls
7th graders- 2 total, 1 guy and 1 girl
6th graders- (we're not really sure which ones are going to be on the final team, but only two of the contenders are girls)"
"Our varsity team at Regionals was 5 girls (including myself) and 5 guys. We had a pretty small group. XD

I had another female friend that really wanted to go, but All-State Orchestra got in the way. She can't make it to State either. I've told her in no uncertain terms, though, that on the off chance we make Nationals, I'm dragging her along whether she likes it or not."
"A-10 boys 5 girls whoop whoop underdogs
B- 7 boys 8 girls

in total.. 13:17
kinda uneven?"
I've worked many awards ceremonies and never once did anything stupid on the floor. Yesterday, I dropped someone's Regional second place medal before hanging them. That was embarrassing! I quickly swapped it out for another because we had extras. I didn't actually inspect it for damage despite being curious because I didn't want to draw too much attention. In my defense, though, that was a three-person event meaning my hands were full.
We had our chess team conference tournament on Saturday, and one of my teammates broke a computer monitor. He has to pay for it now XD
So... less than average posting on here for a while...
Probably tournaments are keeping people busy. My Facebook newsfeed has been filled with Science Olympiad posts/photos for the last few weekends.
We finally got our new t-shirts today, and it just so happened to be our school's Twin Day as a spirit activity, so basically our entire SciOly twinned with each other. It was great.
"My friend asked me, ""Who is your valentine?""

I responded, ""By the looks of it, Green Gen and Solar."""
Roads are frozen=No school today=More time for Scioly
ughughuguhu i dont have anymore days off from school until spring break........which is in april. fml.
We have had only one full week of school so far this semester (I count late arrivals not full days), and we will have a maximum of five more.
Several SoCal regions had their Regional competition on Valentine's Day. Honestly, there's no one I'd rather spend Valentine's Day with other than my SciOly friends.
Same, got so much work done for Mission.
Happy National Battery Day!
Just dropping in to say HECK YES RAVENCLAW FOR LIFE
Purple cows are sexy.
I missed my 'Scioly Anniversary' a few weeks ago. I suppose there's always next year. But, hey, next season my alias becomes relevant again!
Happy Scioly.org Anniversary! I noticed a few days ago I missed mine too, but I missed it by over a month. I suppose I could celebrate 1.5 years as a registered user.
"^mfw i realized that i've been registered since 2012
literally wtf"
Is herpetology coming next year or something? From looking it up, I think I'd be really good at that event.
WOOT WOOT! Ravenclaw pride!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Well, you guys always miss Mod Appreciation Day too. Not saying, just saying.
When's that? I'll add it to my calendar!
"Happy National Tortilla Chip Day!
Excuse to eat dem chips and I'm Hispanic so yas
LOL.."
bernard has volunteered to take full responsibility the next time the community forgets Mod Appreciation Day!
Still waiting to find out when it is. If I don't get a reply,I get to choose when Mod Appreciation Day happens?
"It's not to often, only the days that are primes where

n mod 3 != 0"
"Happy Mod Appreciation Day!

Edit: My brain isn't working, today isn't a prime day. But it's never not a day to appreciate a mod!"
"#TeamGoldandBlue

But like, a light shade of blue. There is, without a doubt, no black in there."
Gold and White.
Black and Gold for the win.
"I read two theories-

1- Something to do with the rods and cones in your eyes, and how some people are more sensitive in certain lighting. At different parts of the day, if I change the brightness on my phone too, the dress can change from black and purple to gold and white.

2- If you've experience a recent depressing event, then you'll see black and purple. This one doesn't sound very reliable, but whatever."
The picture itself is very clearly blue (maybe purple) and dark brown. I couldn't care less about the color of the dress since I am not in possession of said dress.
same
"This made it onto Science Olympiad forums as well!? Shame, internet. Shame.

...But the color is that it's actually invisible."
Happy Mod Appreciation Day!
"Happy Mod Appreciation Day.

On that note, I actually got a bonus question on my writing test yesterday for language arts asking me to write an extended response about the dress debate and what color the dress was. I didn't know about the dress debate at that point, so I decided to fake it. My response went something like this:

""The dress debate has spread like wildfire in the past 24 hours. Many 'celebrities' have been quoted as calling it 'the ruiner of friendships'. However, world hunger, terrorism, and other issues have plagued the world for many years, and they have received almost no public attention. As a result, it really doesn't matter what color the stupid dress is; society only thinks it matters. People debate over it because they have nothing better to do.""

The funny thing is, the teacher decided to give me the bonus points anyway. XD I didn't even have any real evidence backing me up...

(My friend also wrote a scathing response to the question, calling it an invalid question because it requires use of social media that not all students have time for. I'm pretty sure she got points for hers too, since the teacher thought it was funny.)"
"The dress is sunlight-colored!!!
minus a few colors."
spent the whole day on tumblr and youtube >:3
The Old Forums are great; I just got State results for Georgia from 2004!
Happy Mod Appreciation Day! Is anyone coming to the party on IRC?
I wanted to give a shout-out to syo for being awesome in the Astronomy topic...without clogging that topic itself .
Can anyone give me a crash course and summary of what Division A SciOly is like? My county is about to start a Division A I think, and the competition is probably going to be at my school, so I'd like to know more about it.
Hmm... I think it differs significantly between states, since I know the state directors write the event rules.
"To summarize the YouTube comment section:
IT'S BLACK AND BLUE
FIRST
darude-sandstorm
Like if you're watching in 2015"
Pretty much sums it up, yeah...
"Haha, just noticed this. Yep, somehow still make time to answer random stuff...someone has to! Come on by for an overly-detailed answer, I dare all!

Sadly I almost never post random comments, but it dawned on me to post this today. Props to those who get it (only because I see no mentions)."
Looks like the forum has broken its "most users online at one time" record.
Tournament directors are helping us break the records by scheduling a lot of tournaments on the same weekend.
I cannot say for sure, but judging by the fact that it was set in the morning, I'm willing to bet that more than half of that number were bots.
Wind Power B is going to be awesome .
Happy pi day, to all you non-Tauists
"lol Tau is great too, but
3.1415926535897932384626433832795028841971693993751058209749445923078164062862089986280348253421170679821480865132823066470938446095505822317253594081284811174502841027019385211
is pretty cool"
Realizing that the majority of this forum was born in the year 2000 or later...scary, man.
One day we'll all be as old as you and saying the same thing.
Although I was born in 1997, i still agree haha..
long distance sucks
/nick aim4me26
I called one of my teammates a "good luck owl" this afternoon without thinking... They seemed very weirded out.
I wish I could type using what my brain thinks.
Even if it isn't typed, your thoughts are being automatically shared with everyone on the forums. Thanks for thinking I look nice today!
The never-ending wit of the people on this site never ceases to amaze me.
Does that count as a double negative?
"Thinking about it gives me a headache.

At least you guys are more clever than most of my teammates. One of them thought that wrapping a grape in a tortilla was a good idea, so.."
Heh, I quit track
I originally meant like type with my brain, but yes there were a couple complements in there for some people like Bernard xD
Nationals is not going to be as fun as last year.
Why do you say that?
Because Nebraska
Nebraska can't be THAT bad can it?...can it?..
Not as good as Florida. Apparently the only thing my coach found was a zoo.
"Nah man, Nebraska is actually a lot of fun and there's-
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA I can't get through that with a straight face.
No. There is nothing in Nebraska. The zoo of which you speak is the Omaha Zoo, which is actually kind of cool (and you should go), but beyond that there's nothing. But don't pass judgment on the entire Midwest based on Nebraska. The rest of it is pretty cool. You just got stuck with the, ah, most boring state in the region."
"Nebraska and Missouri aren't all that different. It's just that they don't serve sweet tea in Nebraska .

Re: zoos, the Henry Doorly Zoo is fantastic, possibly the best one I've visited between several in Chicago, Milwaukee, Des Moines, and Saint Louis. The Desert Dome is the part that stands out in my mind."
"Welp, looks like I'll spend a lot of time walking around and at least there's always
ULTIMATE FRISBEE"
Was there Ultimate Frisbee last year at Nationals? Because I really don't remember.
Yes! It wasn't very well organized if I remember correctly, so this year we should organize and make sure it runs smoothly like at Dayton 2 years ago!
My friend and her family are going to visit old friends before they moved so I believe it'll be fun.
Aiyaa!
"lol i didnt mean track but that works too. running sucks when you're out of breath and stuff but it's fun bc i get pumped af :<

edit: earlier today everyone freaked out bc our school went under lockdown for like twenty minutes and we all thought it was gonna be something crazy like a mass murderer running across campus but it just ended up being some guy on a bike who stole a student's backpack. not that major but still considerably weirdish"
http://www.scioly.org/phpBB3/viewtopic. ... 58#p157058
Are we allowed to use mechanical pencils at competitions?
I know some people did at regionals (which was a scantron) but I'd recommend using a regular #2 pencil just in case. Unless your events are all short answer and not scantron, in which case you should be fine.
"Yes.

Now, my random comment:
""qwertyuiop"", ""asdfghjkl"", ""zxcvbnm""
encoded equals:
abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz.
Of course, I don't remember what encryption I use!

Wow, as soon as I posted, coprolite_dipstick posted!"
"coprolite_dipstick wrote:

I know some people did at regionals (which was a scantron) but I'd recommend using a regular #2 pencil just in case. Unless your events are all short answer and not scantron, in which case you should be fine.
Cool, thanks!"
"No problem.
Good luck at state! (we're competing in two of the same events )"
[sarcasm]I'm so awesomely creative.[/sarcasm]
Wait... Some tests are scantron???? I've never heard of that before. I've only ever used mechanical. I don't even think I own a #2 pencil at this moment...
Mechanical pencils should work fine on a scantron. I've never had an issue with any of my pencils not being dark enough. One pencil might be much darker, but I haven't seen any regular pencils that are too light for a scantron.
Regionals where I live is Scantron because there are over a hundred teams in each event... so it's a lot faster to grade than short answer. Technically we can use mechanical pencils, but some of the event coordinators yell at you if you do
"I just found out about the International Biology Olympiad. http://www.ibo-info.org/


I'm not sure what to think of it....."
One of my team members in highschool did that... I think they got as far as the selection for the team from the US to go to IBO... not quite positive.
yay! spring break soon~
"Seeing the new Scioly.org 'feature' reminds me that
I should by a smartwatch"
Is it just me or the font get smaller? errg near sighted eyes are nearsighted
"I'm zoomed in 150% for chrome... makes it look really weird. Also, I was reading Bottle Rockets B and I kept thinking it was one kid saying ""teh"". Wasn't until I saw chalker post something with thė same spelling that I remembered.

I chose the wrong day to get back on thė forums."
As usual, the April Fools' prank is great. Hopefully they don't run out of ideas.
LOL the the the
the the the
The world is made of morons.
Have any questions about the National Tournament or Events for 2016-2017? Ask me!
what the heck is this font size. good lord.
"Ah, it's not working for me, my font is normal. I was hoping it would never come to this, but...I think it's time for Firefox...

There we go, now I see it. If you're a bit frustrated, don't think of it as smartwatch compatible; think of it as scioly.org-cheat sheet style."
"Okay, I'll admit, this was actually pretty funny/cute. And yeah, thinking of it as cheat-sheet style helps.

For my April Fools' prank, I texted two of my friends telling them that Disney was buying the TV rights to Star Trek. I never did get a response."
"Reading the SciOly Assassination 105 thread and it would be a really great Criminal Minds episode.

If you've ever watched CM before, you'll know what I mean.

Like the Jester is trapped in his own mental state, he believes the games are reality, and he actually kills his victims. Each officer online has no idea they're actually protecting and guessing for the people who are killed. The BAU has to analyze everything the Jester writes and the clues he gives(I can already picture Reid's thinking face) to try and figure out who the Jester is before he kills his next victim.

If you don't watch CM and you're slightly horrified at what I've just written.... uh.... sorry."
Do people use the forums less after states? There seem to be less people here.......
"Yeah, generally the peak activity is the end of February to the beginning of March as the first state competitions are occurring. After a state competition, most people who did not qualify for nationals usually busy themselves with school and other things. And then begins the transition into the summer ghost town after nationals. Then as people's science O programs start back up in October-November, activity starts to rise again.

What's even more interesting is that even though the site has been still very active, the number of posts has been declining rapidly. If current trends continue, I predict that the last post by an actual user will occur sometime after 2017 nationals and before site rollover for the 2018 season. And then spambots will rule the board...

...everyone will just be a guest floating around the forums, occasionally straying to the wiki, and also submitting erroneous question reports on quizzing..."
"That's a bleak future.........

I'll continue to use the boards through the years! (hopefully)"
"I like this part.

sldkjfas;lkdjf;aslkdfj;adslkjfas;ldkjfa;lkdjf qwerty is life"
"Keyboards should have an interrobang key.......



‽‽‽‽‽‽‽‽‽‽‽‽‽‽‽‽‽‽‽‽‽
‽‽‽‽‽‽‽‽‽‽‽‽‽‽‽‽‽‽‽‽‽
‽‽‽‽‽‽‽‽‽‽‽‽‽‽‽‽‽‽‽‽‽"
Man, it's been a while since I've posted here.
Aiyaa....playing a solo in a school orchestra concert is so stressful ......
&#25105;&#35273;&#24471;&#36825;&#24456;&#26080;&#32842; To UTF-8 U+6211 U+662F about the unicode thing
"TRANSLATION (CLICK TO SHOW HIDDEN TEXT)
I love how the ampersand looks like Et or backwards 3, t."
"I can't believe it took me so long to figure out how to change the skin back...

Now I can read and post normally."
Slightly late here, but we've hit 120,000 posts in General Chat!
"Just for the sake of posting.
After all, this is YDRC.
Bye!"
"120,000 posts in general chat......nearly 1,200 pages in YDRC........coincidence?


lol jk. What am I even doing here?"
~17% of all General Chat posts.
"Let's make it 1,200 pages!


















SPAM
(even though there's no spam in YDRC)"
Hi you should go check out the Assassinator game cause it's going to be fun
Of course there is; the original purpose, or so I heard on the fake spam thread, of YDRC was for stuff like that.
"Okay, I'll limit stuff like that, but I've got to say, I agree with this:
azuritemalachite wrote:
Hi you should go check out the Assassinator game cause it's going to be fun
Nobody's playing probably because it's after a bunch of states' States (see what I did there?). Hey, we (me and whoever else wants to join) should go advertise to JohnRichardsim and Verdigris!"
lol wtf @the java thing with chrome??? gg, probably going to switch to firefox
Already there.
"P Sherman, 42 Wullaby Way, Sydney

Was this ever used in the movie?"
Just, no. Please. No.
HAHAHAAH
?
Yeah, that was my reaction when I saw that post, and then I realized it's from a movie I haven't watched yet.
uh it's from Finding Nemo...
UTF, you've never seen Finding Nemo? I mean it isn't a big deal or anything..but that's a huge deal! What was your childhood!
"Kids dese thays......

EDIT: 1200 pages btw"
I was just joking. Geez.
Nearly gave me a heart attack! xD
I haven't seen Finding Nemo...
"Same.

Same!

Same?

...

I've seen it, don't worry...this is a no heart attack zone."
If only there was a way to convey your tone of speech in writing...
I actually thought you haven't seen it there.
uh UTF-8 U+6211 U+662F next time try to convey your tone a little better...
Oh well. I usually use [sarcasm][/sarcasm].
Ha. Ha. Ha. "Sarcasm"
WAIT WHAAAT?!?!??!?! YOU ARE NO LONGER MY INTERNET FRIEND SONERD!
Lol, I also haven't seen any Disney movies except Big Hero 6
We have a new record:
I like turtles.
"I wonder how many of those were bots.

sciolyboy123 wrote:
I like turtles.
That's one of my friend's mottos.


I like nudibranchs.
The wonder of a gastropod!"
"How does this work? So confused......
Scioly.org wrote:
Most users ever online was 519 on 19 Apr 2015 01:56"
Bots
This reminds me; the folks here might appreciate my plight. So, in fourth grade, we had to make fold-ables on any animal of our choice. Being a science nerd already at the tender age of ten, I wanted to research nudibranchs. My teacher was instantly offended and reprimanded me. I got in trouble because she thought I wanted to research 'nudey'-something and wouldn't hear any of my attempts to defend myself. I ended up doing an octopus, instead.
Haha.
I just made a big container of mint sweet tea and I am sooo happy right now!
"I don't like sweet teas.......

.....Lotus tea though.....so good....."
You obviously are not southern....
Has anyone ever wondered why we can't delete posts in General Chat? (except the almighty mods of course)
"If he lives where I think he does, then, yes, he is.

Random amusement (and strangely relevant):
'Our newest member MyMomIsOkra'"
Yeah, now that I think about it, you're right.
I can't graduate since I'm missing a PE credit. I could either get it waived or do Science Olympiad for another year...
Did they not tell you before?
How do you 'miss' a PE credit? I was out a whole semester due to injury, but I was still credited for doing other activities (like researching health topics daily, heh).
"I've known about this PE credit for a while. I'm can either take a class or do a sport but sports don't work with my schedule and I wasn't put in a PE class, so I just have to get it waived, or continue the Science Olympiad life.
Skink wrote:

How do you 'miss' a PE credit? I was out a whole semester due to injury, but I was still credited for doing other activities (like researching health topics daily, heh).
We need 2 credits to graduate and 1 is met by freshman PE. I took another semester last year, so there's 0.5 credits remaining."
Huh. That's totally foreign to me because IL requires physical education daily. It must be nice to have such a freed schedule.
I get a sufficient amount from Science Olympiad - running back and forth to retrieve Scramblers and ping pong balls for Air Trajectory since I do almost all of the testing on my own.
Haha. My friend has people that do that for him. Anyways, I get my exercise from soccer (I play with a team).
I get exercise from running up and down to my locker on the 3rd floor.
I used to get exercise... then I got bronchitis
Our season is over so I was finally able to clean my inbox!
What do you people think Missouri is like/Are there any stereotypes for Missouri? It's the state I live in, btw. It seems like it would be a boring state, ignored by the rest of the country.
All states are boring and exciting at the same time (although most people tend to think that their own states are boring)
PA has this amazing nation on IRC. PA is *totally awesome* and is *so* great.
I can get my PE credit! I just need to do 80 hours of monitored physical activity before June 01...
3 hours per day...
"Good luck bernard!

I've heard dogs run really well"
"nvm

Bernard: dogs or cats?"
"I haven't decided what I'm going to do that's monitored and I might take some days off since it's testing season...
More like four hours a day? Probably between two to three..."
"Our school is hosting our county's first ever Division A Regional SciOly Competition and I'm super excited

Our team is helping to proctor and write the tests, which should be pretty fun.

Plus, we're running concession stands."
Bring cookies for the kids!
That will bribe them to like you.
Ze double post will take over ze world (including all miscellaneous cults).
Well, I've spent so much time on the Simple Machines/Compounds Machines Question Marathon that I missed my 500th post.
"Check own profile.
566 posts.
I missed it too.
Let's wait for 600!"
"Newbie here still in the 235 zone. Well, now 236 posts.

So, how's it going?"
"Combined, the three of us account for more than 10% of all useful posts in this year's forum

That's depressing."
"useful"
(That wasn't useful, was it)
Hey, I have less posts, but I believe my gigantic essay posts count as multiple useful posts, take that . Also, I thought posts in posting games at least (and general chat too?) didn't count...I would like to note I had 355 posts before and after this one (unless you mean about some other post you had). Also, I'd imagine most posts that are useful come from fewer users than the majority...because who's going to answer more the majority or the minority that is at least remotely more experienced? At least there's still active users!
"Yeah, posted in SM question marathon bc I was so confused...
Negative load error with the question"
Wait do posts on here count again?
No
Someday (when I get to Div C) I'm just going to go back and read all of your Astronomy posts for studying; currently, I can't really understand them.
Maybe I'll go back and look at all of those Mission Possible B posts...
Dangit, I just lost The Game.
Screw thee, for now I have!
Dangit, I just lost again because I saw my last post. I have tallent.
"Communism?

Communism."
And you just changed your sig...
I should be working on my com arts essay...
I should be working on my HW...
I should be paying attention in class...
I feel like I'm 10x less productive now that my SO season is over. I can't even seem to do my hw unless it's last minute!
Me too.
"Same! Even though I never competed this year, and my team is going to nationals .
UTF-8 U+6211 U+662F wrote:
Magikarpmaster629 wrote:
Communism?

Communism.
And you just changed your sig...
It's an inside joke.

EDIT: Sorry for double post"
Apoligies....... (for double post)
Apologies...... (for typo)
[shame]Sorry... [/shame]
YES MY LIFE GOAL IS ACCOMPLISHED
Writing Lincoln's assassination becomes so much more real when you are playing a game of Assassination.
And waiting for the Sassy to respond...
Haha, if I want to make a torque meter with 0.32 diameter wire that measures 1 in-oz for 360 degrees of movement, I'll need about 10 feet of straight wire...
Go to home depot.
"I'm guessing Home Depot would have even thicker wire. Let me see...
With 0.100-inch diameter wire, I need about 11,700 inches of it...
Too bad the calculator I'm using can't tell me what diameter wire I'll need for my torque meter to go around the globe"
You can just run around the globe yourself.
When quoting someone means you'll embed more than 3 quotes, do you change the topic or delete quotes?
I just delete quotes.
Like this?
Yeah.
If general chat were counted as useful posts, what would your most active forum/topic and post count be?
Too high for me to mention and probably Change A Letter.
About 1.4x my current post count and this thread or Georgia 2015 would be my most active topic.
Do the State discussions count towards your post count?
Yes.
Okay, I thought so.
May the fourth be with you all!
"Revenge of the fifth!


Fossils will dominate!"
Rocks and Minerals gave me PTSD. I never will do an ID event again.
I adore this parody so much!
*thumbs up of approval*
All hail Isotelus rex!
"Excuse me, you must properly format it like this:
Isotelus rex or I. rex"
I changed it
No, you didn't. The Rex is still capitalized. *disapproval*
*tableflip*
*lol*
Have you seen the Nerd Anthems on King of the Nerds? Nerds are King is my favorite. Probably because of the HP references....
NOOOO. If you can't understand them that means I need to write even longer posts >:) (at this rate I should translate it into the wiki or back onto the onwards blog...).
What happens if a post is too big for a page? >:)
The page expands to fit the post. A page is only determined by the number of posts it can hold, not by the length of those posts.
:O

I second this.
When do the forums switch to 2016 season?
"when the forums become purple elephants and float away after nationals.
I'd say around Sep."
bob the cube cheez-it chocolate ground
This year it was (I think) just after the rules came out.
Hey guys, I remember a long time ago I was reading through the forums and I stumbled upon someone who posted a link to a school's tryout survey, I think it was just a Google survey with questions like "How much time can you devote each week to SciOly?" and stuff like that. I'm not too sure, but I think it was for Muscatel Middle School? I think it started with an M. I've tried looking for it but I can't find it anymore, and I'd really like to see it again to look for ideas for our own survey that we can to create for next year's recruits. If you have it or know where it is, please let me know. Thanks!
Just had a crazy idea: If you registered two accounts on scioly, wouldn't the Sassy have to kill you twice?
To make you stop posting yea
Can someone please post on the Invasive Species question marathon?
If I knew the slightest thing about it, I would. In fact, I will anyway You should go on the chat http://scioly.org/mibbit.php
Hi, my name is Bill Gates and today I’ll teach you how to count to ten: 1, 2, 3, 95, 98, NT, 2000, XP, Vista, 7, 8, 10
My Wright Stuff and Scrambler version of counting to ten is something like: 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, and for Scrambler, followed by the sound of a broken egg.
"I didn't realize EFO still posted XD

Here is how you count to ten:

One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, go!"
Happy 70th VE day! (Celebrating the end of World War II in Europe 70 years ago.)
"Alert: Conspiracy Theory Ahead






But WWII never ended! Dun dun dun....
http://www.atlasobscura.com/articles/th ... ever-ended

I mean... Russia counts as part of Europe, right?"
Scioly.org is more important than AP Biology :>
I'm not so sure about that, but you can always do Cell Bio C...
My god, that is sodium hilarious! And definitely true.I guess a guy with n billion dollars can afford to number that way.
Fixed.

"It's fixed now, so there's no point laughing over it."
How did that happen!!
How...DIDN'T...that happen?
Apparently moving private messages to folders is a thing so I didn't really have to delete messages every time my inbox hit 50, which this season was every other message...
I feel bad for you... and when did you become a mod?
It looks like the nats people aren't on the forums, probably won't be until sunday.
"Which means that we can do whatever we want! Mwahaha!
/me goes and cries in a corner."
Like revolt and kill the Assassinator? I mean... Peasant revolution!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Making a popcorn ball and Moon Pie sandwich takes a lot more effort than you may think.
I'm streaming the B awards ceremony. It's kind of exciting, despite the fact that it keeps cutting out.
+1
Time to sleep...
Weird question; is it legal to eat a corner out of a test? I mean, you would be taking part of the test out of the room so...(sorry, I get weird thoughts sometimes)
No. You may not damage the test.
You ask this. But I've seen it happen. A guy on my HS's B team last year got hungry during a test and starts eating some of the margin. The proctor was creeped out, his partner told him to stop, and for various other reasons we didn't ask him to compete again.
#tb to when Mod Appreciation Day was a 'thing'
"Alright, so with nationals just having went down, before you all log off for the rest of the summer, I have a way you can all help the site: edit the wiki. After a huge season of competition, many updates, additions, and expansions are needed around the wiki. To summarize the main pages where work is needed:

Team pages - Updating (of already existing team pages with recent results or other information), expanding (perhaps adding a results history box or other important information), and creation (even though there are 664 team pages on the wiki, there are still many more yet to be made).
State pages - If possible, make sure everything has been updated to the 2015 season at the latest.
Official event pages -
1. Cycling out - a great way to help someone years down the road.
2. Staying in - perfect for solidifying your knowledge of the basics and expanding from there.
3. Cycling in - perfect opportunity to meet an event with old information from previous years. If there's something that seems like it could be outdated, check it. Expand the page for a head start on the event.
4. Brand new - ah, these ones are hard. There are no official rules to go off of, so you'll have to rely on the trial rules, which can be vague and often too broad. However, the earlier you get started with the trial rules, the better shape you'll be in when the official rules come out.
Trial event pages - If you have any information or knowledge from competing/practicing for a trial event, please help expand these pages. Make sure each trial event page has an overview of the event (e.g., resources allowed, calculators?, what the big picture of the event is (what someone would absolutely need to know to start practicing for the event)) and then additional, more in depth information that is necessary for the event.
Miscellaneous pages - there are still other pages that have to be updated or expanded.

I had a lot of fun helping out with the wiki last summer, and although I suppose it would be okay if you didn't do it all summer like I did, any help given is greatly appreciated!"
I'm being just a bit over half serious in saying that general rule #1 permits paper eating provided there are no chemicals in the room and that the test does not have an instruction barring eating parts of it. So, I could see eating corners off of tests in Disease Detectives as permissible. In any laboratory event? No way. That's not to say that it doesn't happen, anyway, of course. I had a team in powders a few months ago tasting their water (which is considerably worse than paper) right under my nose. And, I had four assistants. None of us observed this happen. I found it in their observations later.
"I know it's 4.13 M hydrochloric acid! I tasted it!"
For the state pages: Many of them format their results differently, so when updating should I just continue to use their current formats?
I personally like seeing the pages formatted similarly since it's easier to read
Are there any pages that make good standards, then? I was wondering that about team pages, too. What's supposed to go on those? Just a listing of past results and associate forum users?
"Washington has an intro paragraph, ""Washington at a Glance"" table, the typical state champions table, links to scores from competitions, invitational/regional/state tournament hosts, and teams. For team pages, there's a lot more variation in how it's done, most have a sentence or short paragraph, the ""school at a glance"" table, a results table, and members of the team. Here's a link to Camas High School.

Do I seem to be missing anything you've seen on other pages?"
Pennsylvania is also a good standard.
"I dream of a day I can spend all day making the a uniform format for all the pages...
I started in the beginning of the year with some events..."
Hmm...does every state page have the 'competitive' buzzword in that intro paragraph? I guess Iowa or North Dakota wouldn't...
It does seem to come up a lot; I try to leave that stuff to people who know the state/team better and can judge it more easily, and focus on results and such.
Not Rabozzo!!!!!
"I would say, when in doubt, go with the current format. However, if you're willing to take on a project, then you can try converting the format. Just remember that deleting information is highly frowned upon (so don't delete third-place columns from pages such as the Pennsylvania Wiki or New York Wiki).

The main components for a team page are the TeamInfoBox, a text description, and a results history table. Additional information can be added (a la the Solon Middle School Wiki) but those three are the basic parts."
So would it be better/more useful to convert all the pages to third column or just leave PA and NY as third column and keep the rest at second?
The states that have third columns are usually those that usually send 2 teams to Nationals. If it has a third column, as East said, don't delete it, but if the state usually sends two teams, it would be nice to have that third column since it's what I've seen around.
"I continue to wonder why only the affluent few that can afford to go to the summer institute can get a copy of the proposed 2016 rules. Now NorCal and SoCal have a part of a day event where they can get a copy. Last year i asked one of Cals if I could sign up, pay the $80 and have them mail me a copy. They said that they were specifically prohibited from doing that by National SO. I surely can not afford to fly to CA.
So why do the privileged few have access.
If it is money, set the price at or above the rules that go on sale in Sept.
If it is because they want feedback early, I will be more than willing to read with a microscope and give early feedback.

So,WHY?"
Here's the Wind Power Setup for the person who asked on IRC!
300 posts, anyone?
Oooooh:
WOAH, IL and NC! (and the PA, NY area)
Anyone interested in editing the wiki can update the Number of Teams per State Wiki page!
"Go Georgia! 10% growth.
EDIT: 2015 column added on the page bernard posted above. Someone with more time can add the actual numbers."
"I can do it, I guess.

EDIT: Done.

Some states:
NE=91→169
ND vs SD=133 vs 16
WV=0→0→0→0→0→5 (yay finally)"
It's totally not a contest, but I admit to being a bit jealous.
oh no... RUN FROM THE MOB!
"North Carolina has to be the most surprising number on that map. Props to Michigan as well for having a number above 500.

Vermont, as always, needs to get the wheels on the bus."
B and C? Man, South Dakota...maybe, when I retire, I'll get a nice log cabin in the Hills and start a team that qualifies for Nationals every year due to next to no competition. That would be the life!
How would/does DC work? Is it just part of Virginia?
I'm guessing since the don't have a state organization all of their teams go to a nearby state organization's tournaments, like West Virginia did until their own organization revived this year.
still don't get how 700 some california teams get the same representation as states with half that many teams. (Sorry i'm just venting)
"I always wonder if those numbers include multiple teams from the same school at regionals as different teams. However, that'd be a decent amount of work to confirm.

Also, let's not devolve into the ""some states should have more than 2 teams"" argument, that's been rehashed several times around the site."
"Yeah I think by now all of IL, MI, NJ, NY, OH, PA, TX have asked this (and maybe NC/a few others looking at that map?). Also, east, if that's mainly a shot at NY (what with the 3 teams allowed at regs), please don't try it because you know there's still a high number/competitiveness just like the other states .

It doesn't matter either way, since this has even been answered by Chalker before . I swear, we need a ""stuff Chalker (and others?) has already answered"" list...I would also like to note that to put it properly CA IS split in two for a reason, which has also been discussed (so don't go on with nearly 700...maybe the ton in SoCal, but still just let this topic rest...).

There are far more important things anyway, namely DarkSabre's birthday!"
Not everything is a direct shot against NY. I'm just genuinely curious because PA doesn't allow multiple teams at regionals, so if that has impact it's an important piece to take note of (especially if someday PA drops to closer to the dividing line between 2 slots and 1 slot).
It does; I checked Georgia's long ago, and when counting multiple teams it adds up to what's shown here (112 B and 137 C, to be exact).
PRESS
"PRESS

Oops, double post...

So, when does SSSS start?"
"At east, what do you mean not everything is about NY?
Also, I imagine PA would be fine...it's not as on the edge as sayyyy IN.

Soon (forever, robot, etc need to set some stuff up). You can still get started making notes/tests in advance if you know the gist of how it works. You just can't email...or do anything with it outside appreciate how it looks pretty, which is a fair past time."
For the number of teams per state page: Should I convert the Growth column to 2014-2015, or add a new column?
I think it is usually replaced. If we ever want it back the numbers will be in the edit history.
"Updated Growth Rates column.

Five highest growth rates:
1. West Virginia (+∞% )
2. Nebraska (+85.7%)
3. Mississippi (+30.6%)
4. Iowa (+25.9%)
5. Tennessee (+17.4%)

Five lowest growth rates:
1. Idaho (-11.4%)
2. Louisiana (-10.7%)
3. Wyoming (-10.0%)
4. Rhode Island (-9.3%)
5. Oklahoma (-6.5%)

Yes, that was necessary"
Aww, Idaho...
No wonder NE got some hardware this year, dang...
Officially finished high school!
"Whoo?

Aw, no scioly..."
Unless he/she starts an invitational; some of the best (read: MIT) have been started that way, so it would probably work.
YES! It's going to happen!

It will happen!
Organizing invitationals test sets from this year and somethings I've seen: an AP scoring guide, a invitational test reused from three years ago...
We're nearly at 9,000 posts for this year!
Rest in peace John Nash

Now! http://scioly.org/phpBB3/viewtopic.php?f=4&t=7014
If you've watched A Beautiful Mind, the film is about him. He was killed with his wife in a car accident yesterday. Link.
Guys I have a massive assignment due next week, and I'm working on my SSSS notes......help.
You could always edit the wiki to calm your nerves.
SciOly is called "extra-curricular" for a reason.
"Just like breathing is optional.

Source: I did Anatomy & Physiology."
Yeah, basically.
"This is funny.

Source: Common sense"
yay, finals
Yay, summer break.
You did? I don't remember seeing you sitting next to me this year
Scripps National Spelling Bee anyone? Im assuming at least some of the kids up there do scioly, so are any of you guys national spellers? It'd be cool if the winners were on here(congrats to them by the way!)
I did it at the District level twice, but mostly just because I happened to win at my school (I did a lot of random competitions in middle school)
"I did state geography bee in eighth grade. They ask the most random things...

What are the three largest lakes in Canada? Name the largest city in Uganda.

I did badly."
Same, I did it in 7th and 8th grade (and also did badly).
"argh, geography bees = bbbbaaaadddd and rrrrrrrraaaaaaaaannnnnnnnnnddddddddddooooooooooommmmmmmmmm.

Of course no one ever studies, but...."
Well, there are people who study; someone at FSA studied intensively in 5th grade (he wasn't at FSA at the time, at least not this one... FSA has a complicated history) and got third at National Geography Bee.
"Ahh, the Geo Bee. Good times.

In eighth grade at states I got all 8 preliminary questions right, but then in the tiebreaker I got eliminated. I wouldn't have won anyway, but top 10 in the state would have been neat haha."
A little late getting to this, but one of my teammates from high school scioly did the national spelling bee.
What kind of words do they have "up there?"
You did? I don't remember seeing you sitting next to me this year
Scripps National Spelling Bee anyone? Im assuming at least some of the kids up there do scioly, so are any of you guys national spellers? It'd be cool if the winners were on here(congrats to them by the way!)
I did it at the District level twice, but mostly just because I happened to win at my school (I did a lot of random competitions in middle school)
"I did state geography bee in eighth grade. They ask the most random things...

What are the three largest lakes in Canada? Name the largest city in Uganda.

I did badly."
Same, I did it in 7th and 8th grade (and also did badly).
"argh, geography bees = bbbbaaaadddd and rrrrrrrraaaaaaaaannnnnnnnnnddddddddddooooooooooommmmmmmmmm.

Of course no one ever studies, but...."
Well, there are people who study; someone at FSA studied intensively in 5th grade (he wasn't at FSA at the time, at least not this one... FSA has a complicated history) and got third at National Geography Bee.
"Ahh, the Geo Bee. Good times.

In eighth grade at states I got all 8 preliminary questions right, but then in the tiebreaker I got eliminated. I wouldn't have won anyway, but top 10 in the state would have been neat haha."
A little late getting to this, but one of my teammates from high school scioly did the national spelling bee.
What kind of words do they have "up there?"
You did? I don't remember seeing you sitting next to me this year
Scripps National Spelling Bee anyone? Im assuming at least some of the kids up there do scioly, so are any of you guys national spellers? It'd be cool if the winners were on here(congrats to them by the way!)
I did it at the District level twice, but mostly just because I happened to win at my school (I did a lot of random competitions in middle school)
"I did state geography bee in eighth grade. They ask the most random things...

What are the three largest lakes in Canada? Name the largest city in Uganda.

I did badly."
Same, I did it in 7th and 8th grade (and also did badly).
"argh, geography bees = bbbbaaaadddd and rrrrrrrraaaaaaaaannnnnnnnnnddddddddddooooooooooommmmmmmmmm.

Of course no one ever studies, but...."
Well, there are people who study; someone at FSA studied intensively in 5th grade (he wasn't at FSA at the time, at least not this one... FSA has a complicated history) and got third at National Geography Bee.
"Ahh, the Geo Bee. Good times.

In eighth grade at states I got all 8 preliminary questions right, but then in the tiebreaker I got eliminated. I wouldn't have won anyway, but top 10 in the state would have been neat haha."
A little late getting to this, but one of my teammates from high school scioly did the national spelling bee.
What kind of words do they have "up there?"
You did? I don't remember seeing you sitting next to me this year
Scripps National Spelling Bee anyone? Im assuming at least some of the kids up there do scioly, so are any of you guys national spellers? It'd be cool if the winners were on here(congrats to them by the way!)
I did it at the District level twice, but mostly just because I happened to win at my school (I did a lot of random competitions in middle school)
"I did state geography bee in eighth grade. They ask the most random things...

What are the three largest lakes in Canada? Name the largest city in Uganda.

I did badly."
Same, I did it in 7th and 8th grade (and also did badly).
"argh, geography bees = bbbbaaaadddd and rrrrrrrraaaaaaaaannnnnnnnnnddddddddddooooooooooommmmmmmmmm.

Of course no one ever studies, but...."
Well, there are people who study; someone at FSA studied intensively in 5th grade (he wasn't at FSA at the time, at least not this one... FSA has a complicated history) and got third at National Geography Bee.
"Ahh, the Geo Bee. Good times.

In eighth grade at states I got all 8 preliminary questions right, but then in the tiebreaker I got eliminated. I wouldn't have won anyway, but top 10 in the state would have been neat haha."
A little late getting to this, but one of my teammates from high school scioly did the national spelling bee.
What kind of words do they have "up there?"
You did? I don't remember seeing you sitting next to me this year
Scripps National Spelling Bee anyone? Im assuming at least some of the kids up there do scioly, so are any of you guys national spellers? It'd be cool if the winners were on here(congrats to them by the way!)
I did it at the District level twice, but mostly just because I happened to win at my school (I did a lot of random competitions in middle school)
"I did state geography bee in eighth grade. They ask the most random things...

What are the three largest lakes in Canada? Name the largest city in Uganda.

I did badly."
Same, I did it in 7th and 8th grade (and also did badly).
"argh, geography bees = bbbbaaaadddd and rrrrrrrraaaaaaaaannnnnnnnnnddddddddddooooooooooommmmmmmmmm.

Of course no one ever studies, but...."
Well, there are people who study; someone at FSA studied intensively in 5th grade (he wasn't at FSA at the time, at least not this one... FSA has a complicated history) and got third at National Geography Bee.
"Ahh, the Geo Bee. Good times.

In eighth grade at states I got all 8 preliminary questions right, but then in the tiebreaker I got eliminated. I wouldn't have won anyway, but top 10 in the state would have been neat haha."
A little late getting to this, but one of my teammates from high school scioly did the national spelling bee.
What kind of words do they have "up there?"
You did? I don't remember seeing you sitting next to me this year
Scripps National Spelling Bee anyone? Im assuming at least some of the kids up there do scioly, so are any of you guys national spellers? It'd be cool if the winners were on here(congrats to them by the way!)
I did it at the District level twice, but mostly just because I happened to win at my school (I did a lot of random competitions in middle school)
"I did state geography bee in eighth grade. They ask the most random things...

What are the three largest lakes in Canada? Name the largest city in Uganda.

I did badly."
Same, I did it in 7th and 8th grade (and also did badly).
"argh, geography bees = bbbbaaaadddd and rrrrrrrraaaaaaaaannnnnnnnnnddddddddddooooooooooommmmmmmmmm.

Of course no one ever studies, but...."
Well, there are people who study; someone at FSA studied intensively in 5th grade (he wasn't at FSA at the time, at least not this one... FSA has a complicated history) and got third at National Geography Bee.
"Ahh, the Geo Bee. Good times.

In eighth grade at states I got all 8 preliminary questions right, but then in the tiebreaker I got eliminated. I wouldn't have won anyway, but top 10 in the state would have been neat haha."
A little late getting to this, but one of my teammates from high school scioly did the national spelling bee.
What kind of words do they have "up there?"
You did? I don't remember seeing you sitting next to me this year
Scripps National Spelling Bee anyone? Im assuming at least some of the kids up there do scioly, so are any of you guys national spellers? It'd be cool if the winners were on here(congrats to them by the way!)
I did it at the District level twice, but mostly just because I happened to win at my school (I did a lot of random competitions in middle school)
"I did state geography bee in eighth grade. They ask the most random things...

What are the three largest lakes in Canada? Name the largest city in Uganda.

I did badly."
Same, I did it in 7th and 8th grade (and also did badly).
"argh, geography bees = bbbbaaaadddd and rrrrrrrraaaaaaaaannnnnnnnnnddddddddddooooooooooommmmmmmmmm.

Of course no one ever studies, but...."
Well, there are people who study; someone at FSA studied intensively in 5th grade (he wasn't at FSA at the time, at least not this one... FSA has a complicated history) and got third at National Geography Bee.
"Ahh, the Geo Bee. Good times.

In eighth grade at states I got all 8 preliminary questions right, but then in the tiebreaker I got eliminated. I wouldn't have won anyway, but top 10 in the state would have been neat haha."
A little late getting to this, but one of my teammates from high school scioly did the national spelling bee.
What kind of words do they have "up there?"
You did? I don't remember seeing you sitting next to me this year
Scripps National Spelling Bee anyone? Im assuming at least some of the kids up there do scioly, so are any of you guys national spellers? It'd be cool if the winners were on here(congrats to them by the way!)
I did it at the District level twice, but mostly just because I happened to win at my school (I did a lot of random competitions in middle school)
"I did state geography bee in eighth grade. They ask the most random things...

What are the three largest lakes in Canada? Name the largest city in Uganda.

I did badly."
Same, I did it in 7th and 8th grade (and also did badly).
"argh, geography bees = bbbbaaaadddd and rrrrrrrraaaaaaaaannnnnnnnnnddddddddddooooooooooommmmmmmmmm.

Of course no one ever studies, but...."
Well, there are people who study; someone at FSA studied intensively in 5th grade (he wasn't at FSA at the time, at least not this one... FSA has a complicated history) and got third at National Geography Bee.
"Ahh, the Geo Bee. Good times.

In eighth grade at states I got all 8 preliminary questions right, but then in the tiebreaker I got eliminated. I wouldn't have won anyway, but top 10 in the state would have been neat haha."
A little late getting to this, but one of my teammates from high school scioly did the national spelling bee.
What kind of words do they have "up there?"
You did? I don't remember seeing you sitting next to me this year
Scripps National Spelling Bee anyone? Im assuming at least some of the kids up there do scioly, so are any of you guys national spellers? It'd be cool if the winners were on here(congrats to them by the way!)
I did it at the District level twice, but mostly just because I happened to win at my school (I did a lot of random competitions in middle school)
"I did state geography bee in eighth grade. They ask the most random things...

What are the three largest lakes in Canada? Name the largest city in Uganda.

I did badly."
Same, I did it in 7th and 8th grade (and also did badly).
"argh, geography bees = bbbbaaaadddd and rrrrrrrraaaaaaaaannnnnnnnnnddddddddddooooooooooommmmmmmmmm.

Of course no one ever studies, but...."
Well, there are people who study; someone at FSA studied intensively in 5th grade (he wasn't at FSA at the time, at least not this one... FSA has a complicated history) and got third at National Geography Bee.
"Ahh, the Geo Bee. Good times.

In eighth grade at states I got all 8 preliminary questions right, but then in the tiebreaker I got eliminated. I wouldn't have won anyway, but top 10 in the state would have been neat haha."
A little late getting to this, but one of my teammates from high school scioly did the national spelling bee.
What kind of words do they have "up there?"
You did? I don't remember seeing you sitting next to me this year
Scripps National Spelling Bee anyone? Im assuming at least some of the kids up there do scioly, so are any of you guys national spellers? It'd be cool if the winners were on here(congrats to them by the way!)
I did it at the District level twice, but mostly just because I happened to win at my school (I did a lot of random competitions in middle school)
"I did state geography bee in eighth grade. They ask the most random things...

What are the three largest lakes in Canada? Name the largest city in Uganda.

I did badly."
Same, I did it in 7th and 8th grade (and also did badly).
"argh, geography bees = bbbbaaaadddd and rrrrrrrraaaaaaaaannnnnnnnnnddddddddddooooooooooommmmmmmmmm.

Of course no one ever studies, but...."
Well, there are people who study; someone at FSA studied intensively in 5th grade (he wasn't at FSA at the time, at least not this one... FSA has a complicated history) and got third at National Geography Bee.
"Ahh, the Geo Bee. Good times.

In eighth grade at states I got all 8 preliminary questions right, but then in the tiebreaker I got eliminated. I wouldn't have won anyway, but top 10 in the state would have been neat haha."
A little late getting to this, but one of my teammates from high school scioly did the national spelling bee.
What kind of words do they have "up there?"
You did? I don't remember seeing you sitting next to me this year
Scripps National Spelling Bee anyone? Im assuming at least some of the kids up there do scioly, so are any of you guys national spellers? It'd be cool if the winners were on here(congrats to them by the way!)
I did it at the District level twice, but mostly just because I happened to win at my school (I did a lot of random competitions in middle school)
"I did state geography bee in eighth grade. They ask the most random things...

What are the three largest lakes in Canada? Name the largest city in Uganda.

I did badly."
Same, I did it in 7th and 8th grade (and also did badly).
"argh, geography bees = bbbbaaaadddd and rrrrrrrraaaaaaaaannnnnnnnnnddddddddddooooooooooommmmmmmmmm.

Of course no one ever studies, but...."
Well, there are people who study; someone at FSA studied intensively in 5th grade (he wasn't at FSA at the time, at least not this one... FSA has a complicated history) and got third at National Geography Bee.
"Ahh, the Geo Bee. Good times.

In eighth grade at states I got all 8 preliminary questions right, but then in the tiebreaker I got eliminated. I wouldn't have won anyway, but top 10 in the state would have been neat haha."
A little late getting to this, but one of my teammates from high school scioly did the national spelling bee.
What kind of words do they have "up there?"
Additionally, you can pres "Place attachment inline" (where the files shown up) to put it in the post.
Dang, these bots are smart (or just random luck).
I found this site while looking through the older pages of this thread. Make sure your speakers aren't muted. It's a childish site I admit but it's amazing.
My mom cried when I hit 50. Yours?
Not really; it was at Nationals, but I didn't realize it was 50 until now (I forgot about those ribbons).
Yeah if I count ribbons, I have like 51 from three years.
"On post 15000 on this thread, why is the post made by Jim_R but last edited by quizbowl?

Also, what happened to the attachments button? It doesn't show up for me."
Is there nothing at the bottom next to 'Options?'
I hear a piano in the physics building!
It shows up normally on everything but General Chat.
My work permit says I'm doing HR instead of materials science research!
rainbow
Your avatar isn't very accurate...
What do you expect from the National Alchemy Rules Committee Chair?
Nice new avatar.
Your turn to post on the Invasives thread please.
Sorry! I'll get on that.
"Shoutout to Goodwill for having a laptop charger after mine broke today <3

Also, I can either clean my snail's container more often or be lazy and have to deal with a very, very stinky smell."
Bernard <3
I love dogs!
Listening to movie soundtracks! Jurassic Park is so majestic :)
I am currently in a lobby thinking about the Arthur theme song.
"http://www.planarity.net
This game is so hard! kejdjfjfmksjdjebdkfjdbxb"
"Bored? Looking for compelling evidence of government suppression of extraterrestrial life?
http://www.ufosightingsdaily.com/p/alien-faces-59.html
Only the most compelling evidence evar.

Anyone who did Solar this past season knows how important it was to be familiar with the structures on Ceres: http://www.ufosightingsdaily.com/2015/0 ... cused.html

Shoutout to trentomology1999 for finding that site..."
When you're in a closet about 6' by 10' with 3 desks, several boxes, and random chemicals, you know you're an intern.

This is fun. I guess I'll do this daily like the name states!
A4 paper is made such that if you fold it in half along the long side, it becomes the size of A3 paper.
If you fold A3 paper along the long side, do you get A2 paper? So A-38 paper can reach the moon?
Indeed.
"The highest finite number used in a mathematics paper:

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Graham's_number"
Finally got my copy of the draft rules for the next season! https://docs.google.com/document/d/1uT-wOQyXNwbJ3Q6Gj-b5V5rVQgRFJjkIh3-taSjdnAw/
Thanks for posting them here!
Happy Independence Day!
Hopes and Dreams are born and killed by this post
"My mouth is very burned from drinking tea!


#istotallysupportingtheUSinsportingeventsanddefinitelynotwatchinganime"
"#thathashtagwaskindofhardtoreadbecauseyoudidntuseanycapitalsorspacesbutiguesspeopledontusespacesinhashtagssomaybecapitalswouldhavehelped
BECAUSE I CARE ABOUT YOUR EYES... (CLICK TO SHOW HIDDEN TEXT)"
Happy aphelion day everyone!
My computer isn't letting me use Google.
Have you tried using Amazon or Yahoo as a search engine?
Yeah, but I prefer Google.
I do too. Every time I use Amazon it takes at least 2 days for my results and usually costs around $50. Google gets me billions of results results in less than half a second :)
"New Genius Idea: Bio-ID Olympiad
23 Events
All events are similar to the Bio-ID Science Olympiad Events
Each event focuses on a class of living organisms (example: Class Insecta = Entomology, etc)
Events are rotated in and out each year, just like in Science Olympiad]"
Love it
This needs to be a thing!
"I like tacos.

There are 3 words. Triangles have 3 sides. A taco has 2 flat sides. 3+2=5. Fermi has 5 letters. 5 is approximately 10^1.

FERMI QUESTIONS confirmed!"
So I was at the library yesterday trying to find Rick Riordan books to re-read and it was all very confusing. Two of the Percy Jackson books were in YA, and one was in Juvenile. The Heroes of Olympus series is in Juvenile as well. I also noticed that Harry Potter was scattered between the two. I really want to know how they sort them because Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows is definitely not 2nd grade material.
Who else is scared of checking AP scores today?
"I was going to post a picture of my snail (which has amazingly survived my laziness by remaining inactive when without food) but the file wouldn't compress to be small enough so I gave up. This is to make up for the lack of picture.

""_@"
On the West coast, but got a friend in the east to check my AP scores for me. Looks like accidentally not answering the last free response question on AP bio did nothing to help me :/
Yeah, but I prefer Google.
I do too. Every time I use Amazon it takes at least 2 days for my results and usually costs around $50. Google gets me billions of results results in less than half a second :)
"New Genius Idea: Bio-ID Olympiad
23 Events
All events are similar to the Bio-ID Science Olympiad Events
Each event focuses on a class of living organisms (example: Class Insecta = Entomology, etc)
Events are rotated in and out each year, just like in Science Olympiad]"
Love it
This needs to be a thing!
"I like tacos.

There are 3 words. Triangles have 3 sides. A taco has 2 flat sides. 3+2=5. Fermi has 5 letters. 5 is approximately 10^1.

FERMI QUESTIONS confirmed!"
So I was at the library yesterday trying to find Rick Riordan books to re-read and it was all very confusing. Two of the Percy Jackson books were in YA, and one was in Juvenile. The Heroes of Olympus series is in Juvenile as well. I also noticed that Harry Potter was scattered between the two. I really want to know how they sort them because Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows is definitely not 2nd grade material.
Who else is scared of checking AP scores today?
"I was going to post a picture of my snail (which has amazingly survived my laziness by remaining inactive when without food) but the file wouldn't compress to be small enough so I gave up. This is to make up for the lack of picture.

""_@"
On the West coast, but got a friend in the east to check my AP scores for me. Looks like accidentally not answering the last free response question on AP bio did nothing to help me :/
Yeah, but I prefer Google.
I do too. Every time I use Amazon it takes at least 2 days for my results and usually costs around $50. Google gets me billions of results results in less than half a second :)
"New Genius Idea: Bio-ID Olympiad
23 Events
All events are similar to the Bio-ID Science Olympiad Events
Each event focuses on a class of living organisms (example: Class Insecta = Entomology, etc)
Events are rotated in and out each year, just like in Science Olympiad]"
Love it
This needs to be a thing!
"I like tacos.

There are 3 words. Triangles have 3 sides. A taco has 2 flat sides. 3+2=5. Fermi has 5 letters. 5 is approximately 10^1.

FERMI QUESTIONS confirmed!"
So I was at the library yesterday trying to find Rick Riordan books to re-read and it was all very confusing. Two of the Percy Jackson books were in YA, and one was in Juvenile. The Heroes of Olympus series is in Juvenile as well. I also noticed that Harry Potter was scattered between the two. I really want to know how they sort them because Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows is definitely not 2nd grade material.
Who else is scared of checking AP scores today?
"I was going to post a picture of my snail (which has amazingly survived my laziness by remaining inactive when without food) but the file wouldn't compress to be small enough so I gave up. This is to make up for the lack of picture.

""_@"
On the West coast, but got a friend in the east to check my AP scores for me. Looks like accidentally not answering the last free response question on AP bio did nothing to help me :/
Yeah, but I prefer Google.
I do too. Every time I use Amazon it takes at least 2 days for my results and usually costs around $50. Google gets me billions of results results in less than half a second :)
"New Genius Idea: Bio-ID Olympiad
23 Events
All events are similar to the Bio-ID Science Olympiad Events
Each event focuses on a class of living organisms (example: Class Insecta = Entomology, etc)
Events are rotated in and out each year, just like in Science Olympiad]"
Love it
This needs to be a thing!
"I like tacos.

There are 3 words. Triangles have 3 sides. A taco has 2 flat sides. 3+2=5. Fermi has 5 letters. 5 is approximately 10^1.

FERMI QUESTIONS confirmed!"
So I was at the library yesterday trying to find Rick Riordan books to re-read and it was all very confusing. Two of the Percy Jackson books were in YA, and one was in Juvenile. The Heroes of Olympus series is in Juvenile as well. I also noticed that Harry Potter was scattered between the two. I really want to know how they sort them because Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows is definitely not 2nd grade material.
Who else is scared of checking AP scores today?
"I was going to post a picture of my snail (which has amazingly survived my laziness by remaining inactive when without food) but the file wouldn't compress to be small enough so I gave up. This is to make up for the lack of picture.

""_@"
On the West coast, but got a friend in the east to check my AP scores for me. Looks like accidentally not answering the last free response question on AP bio did nothing to help me :/
Yeah, but I prefer Google.
I do too. Every time I use Amazon it takes at least 2 days for my results and usually costs around $50. Google gets me billions of results results in less than half a second :)
"New Genius Idea: Bio-ID Olympiad
23 Events
All events are similar to the Bio-ID Science Olympiad Events
Each event focuses on a class of living organisms (example: Class Insecta = Entomology, etc)
Events are rotated in and out each year, just like in Science Olympiad]"
Love it
This needs to be a thing!
"I like tacos.

There are 3 words. Triangles have 3 sides. A taco has 2 flat sides. 3+2=5. Fermi has 5 letters. 5 is approximately 10^1.

FERMI QUESTIONS confirmed!"
So I was at the library yesterday trying to find Rick Riordan books to re-read and it was all very confusing. Two of the Percy Jackson books were in YA, and one was in Juvenile. The Heroes of Olympus series is in Juvenile as well. I also noticed that Harry Potter was scattered between the two. I really want to know how they sort them because Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows is definitely not 2nd grade material.
Who else is scared of checking AP scores today?
"I was going to post a picture of my snail (which has amazingly survived my laziness by remaining inactive when without food) but the file wouldn't compress to be small enough so I gave up. This is to make up for the lack of picture.

""_@"
On the West coast, but got a friend in the east to check my AP scores for me. Looks like accidentally not answering the last free response question on AP bio did nothing to help me :/
Yeah, but I prefer Google.
I do too. Every time I use Amazon it takes at least 2 days for my results and usually costs around $50. Google gets me billions of results results in less than half a second :)
"New Genius Idea: Bio-ID Olympiad
23 Events
All events are similar to the Bio-ID Science Olympiad Events
Each event focuses on a class of living organisms (example: Class Insecta = Entomology, etc)
Events are rotated in and out each year, just like in Science Olympiad]"
Love it
This needs to be a thing!
"I like tacos.

There are 3 words. Triangles have 3 sides. A taco has 2 flat sides. 3+2=5. Fermi has 5 letters. 5 is approximately 10^1.

FERMI QUESTIONS confirmed!"
So I was at the library yesterday trying to find Rick Riordan books to re-read and it was all very confusing. Two of the Percy Jackson books were in YA, and one was in Juvenile. The Heroes of Olympus series is in Juvenile as well. I also noticed that Harry Potter was scattered between the two. I really want to know how they sort them because Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows is definitely not 2nd grade material.
Who else is scared of checking AP scores today?
"I was going to post a picture of my snail (which has amazingly survived my laziness by remaining inactive when without food) but the file wouldn't compress to be small enough so I gave up. This is to make up for the lack of picture.

""_@"
On the West coast, but got a friend in the east to check my AP scores for me. Looks like accidentally not answering the last free response question on AP bio did nothing to help me :/
Yeah, but I prefer Google.
I do too. Every time I use Amazon it takes at least 2 days for my results and usually costs around $50. Google gets me billions of results results in less than half a second :)
"New Genius Idea: Bio-ID Olympiad
23 Events
All events are similar to the Bio-ID Science Olympiad Events
Each event focuses on a class of living organisms (example: Class Insecta = Entomology, etc)
Events are rotated in and out each year, just like in Science Olympiad]"
Love it
This needs to be a thing!
"I like tacos.

There are 3 words. Triangles have 3 sides. A taco has 2 flat sides. 3+2=5. Fermi has 5 letters. 5 is approximately 10^1.

FERMI QUESTIONS confirmed!"
So I was at the library yesterday trying to find Rick Riordan books to re-read and it was all very confusing. Two of the Percy Jackson books were in YA, and one was in Juvenile. The Heroes of Olympus series is in Juvenile as well. I also noticed that Harry Potter was scattered between the two. I really want to know how they sort them because Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows is definitely not 2nd grade material.
Who else is scared of checking AP scores today?
"I was going to post a picture of my snail (which has amazingly survived my laziness by remaining inactive when without food) but the file wouldn't compress to be small enough so I gave up. This is to make up for the lack of picture.

""_@"
On the West coast, but got a friend in the east to check my AP scores for me. Looks like accidentally not answering the last free response question on AP bio did nothing to help me :/
Yeah, but I prefer Google.
I do too. Every time I use Amazon it takes at least 2 days for my results and usually costs around $50. Google gets me billions of results results in less than half a second :)
"New Genius Idea: Bio-ID Olympiad
23 Events
All events are similar to the Bio-ID Science Olympiad Events
Each event focuses on a class of living organisms (example: Class Insecta = Entomology, etc)
Events are rotated in and out each year, just like in Science Olympiad]"
Love it
This needs to be a thing!
"I like tacos.

There are 3 words. Triangles have 3 sides. A taco has 2 flat sides. 3+2=5. Fermi has 5 letters. 5 is approximately 10^1.

FERMI QUESTIONS confirmed!"
So I was at the library yesterday trying to find Rick Riordan books to re-read and it was all very confusing. Two of the Percy Jackson books were in YA, and one was in Juvenile. The Heroes of Olympus series is in Juvenile as well. I also noticed that Harry Potter was scattered between the two. I really want to know how they sort them because Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows is definitely not 2nd grade material.
Who else is scared of checking AP scores today?
"I was going to post a picture of my snail (which has amazingly survived my laziness by remaining inactive when without food) but the file wouldn't compress to be small enough so I gave up. This is to make up for the lack of picture.

""_@"
On the West coast, but got a friend in the east to check my AP scores for me. Looks like accidentally not answering the last free response question on AP bio did nothing to help me :/
Yeah, but I prefer Google.
I do too. Every time I use Amazon it takes at least 2 days for my results and usually costs around $50. Google gets me billions of results results in less than half a second :)
"New Genius Idea: Bio-ID Olympiad
23 Events
All events are similar to the Bio-ID Science Olympiad Events
Each event focuses on a class of living organisms (example: Class Insecta = Entomology, etc)
Events are rotated in and out each year, just like in Science Olympiad]"
Love it
This needs to be a thing!
"I like tacos.

There are 3 words. Triangles have 3 sides. A taco has 2 flat sides. 3+2=5. Fermi has 5 letters. 5 is approximately 10^1.

FERMI QUESTIONS confirmed!"
So I was at the library yesterday trying to find Rick Riordan books to re-read and it was all very confusing. Two of the Percy Jackson books were in YA, and one was in Juvenile. The Heroes of Olympus series is in Juvenile as well. I also noticed that Harry Potter was scattered between the two. I really want to know how they sort them because Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows is definitely not 2nd grade material.
Who else is scared of checking AP scores today?
"I was going to post a picture of my snail (which has amazingly survived my laziness by remaining inactive when without food) but the file wouldn't compress to be small enough so I gave up. This is to make up for the lack of picture.

""_@"
On the West coast, but got a friend in the east to check my AP scores for me. Looks like accidentally not answering the last free response question on AP bio did nothing to help me :/
Yeah, but I prefer Google.
I do too. Every time I use Amazon it takes at least 2 days for my results and usually costs around $50. Google gets me billions of results results in less than half a second :)
"New Genius Idea: Bio-ID Olympiad
23 Events
All events are similar to the Bio-ID Science Olympiad Events
Each event focuses on a class of living organisms (example: Class Insecta = Entomology, etc)
Events are rotated in and out each year, just like in Science Olympiad]"
Love it
This needs to be a thing!
"I like tacos.

There are 3 words. Triangles have 3 sides. A taco has 2 flat sides. 3+2=5. Fermi has 5 letters. 5 is approximately 10^1.

FERMI QUESTIONS confirmed!"
So I was at the library yesterday trying to find Rick Riordan books to re-read and it was all very confusing. Two of the Percy Jackson books were in YA, and one was in Juvenile. The Heroes of Olympus series is in Juvenile as well. I also noticed that Harry Potter was scattered between the two. I really want to know how they sort them because Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows is definitely not 2nd grade material.
Who else is scared of checking AP scores today?
"I was going to post a picture of my snail (which has amazingly survived my laziness by remaining inactive when without food) but the file wouldn't compress to be small enough so I gave up. This is to make up for the lack of picture.

""_@"
On the West coast, but got a friend in the east to check my AP scores for me. Looks like accidentally not answering the last free response question on AP bio did nothing to help me :/
Yeah, but I prefer Google.
I do too. Every time I use Amazon it takes at least 2 days for my results and usually costs around $50. Google gets me billions of results results in less than half a second :)
"New Genius Idea: Bio-ID Olympiad
23 Events
All events are similar to the Bio-ID Science Olympiad Events
Each event focuses on a class of living organisms (example: Class Insecta = Entomology, etc)
Events are rotated in and out each year, just like in Science Olympiad]"
Love it
This needs to be a thing!
"I like tacos.

There are 3 words. Triangles have 3 sides. A taco has 2 flat sides. 3+2=5. Fermi has 5 letters. 5 is approximately 10^1.

FERMI QUESTIONS confirmed!"
So I was at the library yesterday trying to find Rick Riordan books to re-read and it was all very confusing. Two of the Percy Jackson books were in YA, and one was in Juvenile. The Heroes of Olympus series is in Juvenile as well. I also noticed that Harry Potter was scattered between the two. I really want to know how they sort them because Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows is definitely not 2nd grade material.
Who else is scared of checking AP scores today?
"I was going to post a picture of my snail (which has amazingly survived my laziness by remaining inactive when without food) but the file wouldn't compress to be small enough so I gave up. This is to make up for the lack of picture.

""_@"
On the West coast, but got a friend in the east to check my AP scores for me. Looks like accidentally not answering the last free response question on AP bio did nothing to help me :/
Yeah, but I prefer Google.
I do too. Every time I use Amazon it takes at least 2 days for my results and usually costs around $50. Google gets me billions of results results in less than half a second :)
"New Genius Idea: Bio-ID Olympiad
23 Events
All events are similar to the Bio-ID Science Olympiad Events
Each event focuses on a class of living organisms (example: Class Insecta = Entomology, etc)
Events are rotated in and out each year, just like in Science Olympiad]"
Love it
This needs to be a thing!
"I like tacos.

There are 3 words. Triangles have 3 sides. A taco has 2 flat sides. 3+2=5. Fermi has 5 letters. 5 is approximately 10^1.

FERMI QUESTIONS confirmed!"
So I was at the library yesterday trying to find Rick Riordan books to re-read and it was all very confusing. Two of the Percy Jackson books were in YA, and one was in Juvenile. The Heroes of Olympus series is in Juvenile as well. I also noticed that Harry Potter was scattered between the two. I really want to know how they sort them because Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows is definitely not 2nd grade material.
Who else is scared of checking AP scores today?
"I was going to post a picture of my snail (which has amazingly survived my laziness by remaining inactive when without food) but the file wouldn't compress to be small enough so I gave up. This is to make up for the lack of picture.

""_@"
On the West coast, but got a friend in the east to check my AP scores for me. Looks like accidentally not answering the last free response question on AP bio did nothing to help me :/
Yeah, but I prefer Google.
I do too. Every time I use Amazon it takes at least 2 days for my results and usually costs around $50. Google gets me billions of results results in less than half a second :)
"New Genius Idea: Bio-ID Olympiad
23 Events
All events are similar to the Bio-ID Science Olympiad Events
Each event focuses on a class of living organisms (example: Class Insecta = Entomology, etc)
Events are rotated in and out each year, just like in Science Olympiad]"
Love it
This needs to be a thing!
"I like tacos.

There are 3 words. Triangles have 3 sides. A taco has 2 flat sides. 3+2=5. Fermi has 5 letters. 5 is approximately 10^1.

FERMI QUESTIONS confirmed!"
So I was at the library yesterday trying to find Rick Riordan books to re-read and it was all very confusing. Two of the Percy Jackson books were in YA, and one was in Juvenile. The Heroes of Olympus series is in Juvenile as well. I also noticed that Harry Potter was scattered between the two. I really want to know how they sort them because Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows is definitely not 2nd grade material.
Who else is scared of checking AP scores today?
"I was going to post a picture of my snail (which has amazingly survived my laziness by remaining inactive when without food) but the file wouldn't compress to be small enough so I gave up. This is to make up for the lack of picture.

""_@"
On the West coast, but got a friend in the east to check my AP scores for me. Looks like accidentally not answering the last free response question on AP bio did nothing to help me :/
Yeah, but I prefer Google.
I do too. Every time I use Amazon it takes at least 2 days for my results and usually costs around $50. Google gets me billions of results results in less than half a second :)
"New Genius Idea: Bio-ID Olympiad
23 Events
All events are similar to the Bio-ID Science Olympiad Events
Each event focuses on a class of living organisms (example: Class Insecta = Entomology, etc)
Events are rotated in and out each year, just like in Science Olympiad]"
Love it
This needs to be a thing!
"I like tacos.

There are 3 words. Triangles have 3 sides. A taco has 2 flat sides. 3+2=5. Fermi has 5 letters. 5 is approximately 10^1.

FERMI QUESTIONS confirmed!"
So I was at the library yesterday trying to find Rick Riordan books to re-read and it was all very confusing. Two of the Percy Jackson books were in YA, and one was in Juvenile. The Heroes of Olympus series is in Juvenile as well. I also noticed that Harry Potter was scattered between the two. I really want to know how they sort them because Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows is definitely not 2nd grade material.
Who else is scared of checking AP scores today?
"I was going to post a picture of my snail (which has amazingly survived my laziness by remaining inactive when without food) but the file wouldn't compress to be small enough so I gave up. This is to make up for the lack of picture.

""_@"
On the West coast, but got a friend in the east to check my AP scores for me. Looks like accidentally not answering the last free response question on AP bio did nothing to help me :/
Yeah, but I prefer Google.
I do too. Every time I use Amazon it takes at least 2 days for my results and usually costs around $50. Google gets me billions of results results in less than half a second :)
"New Genius Idea: Bio-ID Olympiad
23 Events
All events are similar to the Bio-ID Science Olympiad Events
Each event focuses on a class of living organisms (example: Class Insecta = Entomology, etc)
Events are rotated in and out each year, just like in Science Olympiad]"
Love it
This needs to be a thing!
"I like tacos.

There are 3 words. Triangles have 3 sides. A taco has 2 flat sides. 3+2=5. Fermi has 5 letters. 5 is approximately 10^1.

FERMI QUESTIONS confirmed!"
So I was at the library yesterday trying to find Rick Riordan books to re-read and it was all very confusing. Two of the Percy Jackson books were in YA, and one was in Juvenile. The Heroes of Olympus series is in Juvenile as well. I also noticed that Harry Potter was scattered between the two. I really want to know how they sort them because Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows is definitely not 2nd grade material.
Who else is scared of checking AP scores today?
"I was going to post a picture of my snail (which has amazingly survived my laziness by remaining inactive when without food) but the file wouldn't compress to be small enough so I gave up. This is to make up for the lack of picture.

""_@"
On the West coast, but got a friend in the east to check my AP scores for me. Looks like accidentally not answering the last free response question on AP bio did nothing to help me :/
Yeah, but I prefer Google.
I do too. Every time I use Amazon it takes at least 2 days for my results and usually costs around $50. Google gets me billions of results results in less than half a second :)
"New Genius Idea: Bio-ID Olympiad
23 Events
All events are similar to the Bio-ID Science Olympiad Events
Each event focuses on a class of living organisms (example: Class Insecta = Entomology, etc)
Events are rotated in and out each year, just like in Science Olympiad]"
Love it
This needs to be a thing!
"I like tacos.

There are 3 words. Triangles have 3 sides. A taco has 2 flat sides. 3+2=5. Fermi has 5 letters. 5 is approximately 10^1.

FERMI QUESTIONS confirmed!"
So I was at the library yesterday trying to find Rick Riordan books to re-read and it was all very confusing. Two of the Percy Jackson books were in YA, and one was in Juvenile. The Heroes of Olympus series is in Juvenile as well. I also noticed that Harry Potter was scattered between the two. I really want to know how they sort them because Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows is definitely not 2nd grade material.
Who else is scared of checking AP scores today?
"I was going to post a picture of my snail (which has amazingly survived my laziness by remaining inactive when without food) but the file wouldn't compress to be small enough so I gave up. This is to make up for the lack of picture.

""_@"
On the West coast, but got a friend in the east to check my AP scores for me. Looks like accidentally not answering the last free response question on AP bio did nothing to help me :/
Yeah, but I prefer Google.
I do too. Every time I use Amazon it takes at least 2 days for my results and usually costs around $50. Google gets me billions of results results in less than half a second :)
"New Genius Idea: Bio-ID Olympiad
23 Events
All events are similar to the Bio-ID Science Olympiad Events
Each event focuses on a class of living organisms (example: Class Insecta = Entomology, etc)
Events are rotated in and out each year, just like in Science Olympiad]"
Love it
This needs to be a thing!
"I like tacos.

There are 3 words. Triangles have 3 sides. A taco has 2 flat sides. 3+2=5. Fermi has 5 letters. 5 is approximately 10^1.

FERMI QUESTIONS confirmed!"
So I was at the library yesterday trying to find Rick Riordan books to re-read and it was all very confusing. Two of the Percy Jackson books were in YA, and one was in Juvenile. The Heroes of Olympus series is in Juvenile as well. I also noticed that Harry Potter was scattered between the two. I really want to know how they sort them because Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows is definitely not 2nd grade material.
Who else is scared of checking AP scores today?
"I was going to post a picture of my snail (which has amazingly survived my laziness by remaining inactive when without food) but the file wouldn't compress to be small enough so I gave up. This is to make up for the lack of picture.

""_@"
On the West coast, but got a friend in the east to check my AP scores for me. Looks like accidentally not answering the last free response question on AP bio did nothing to help me :/
Yeah, but I prefer Google.
I do too. Every time I use Amazon it takes at least 2 days for my results and usually costs around $50. Google gets me billions of results results in less than half a second :)
"New Genius Idea: Bio-ID Olympiad
23 Events
All events are similar to the Bio-ID Science Olympiad Events
Each event focuses on a class of living organisms (example: Class Insecta = Entomology, etc)
Events are rotated in and out each year, just like in Science Olympiad]"
Love it
This needs to be a thing!
"I like tacos.

There are 3 words. Triangles have 3 sides. A taco has 2 flat sides. 3+2=5. Fermi has 5 letters. 5 is approximately 10^1.

FERMI QUESTIONS confirmed!"
So I was at the library yesterday trying to find Rick Riordan books to re-read and it was all very confusing. Two of the Percy Jackson books were in YA, and one was in Juvenile. The Heroes of Olympus series is in Juvenile as well. I also noticed that Harry Potter was scattered between the two. I really want to know how they sort them because Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows is definitely not 2nd grade material.
Who else is scared of checking AP scores today?
"I was going to post a picture of my snail (which has amazingly survived my laziness by remaining inactive when without food) but the file wouldn't compress to be small enough so I gave up. This is to make up for the lack of picture.

""_@"
On the West coast, but got a friend in the east to check my AP scores for me. Looks like accidentally not answering the last free response question on AP bio did nothing to help me :/
Yeah, but I prefer Google.
I do too. Every time I use Amazon it takes at least 2 days for my results and usually costs around $50. Google gets me billions of results results in less than half a second :)
"New Genius Idea: Bio-ID Olympiad
23 Events
All events are similar to the Bio-ID Science Olympiad Events
Each event focuses on a class of living organisms (example: Class Insecta = Entomology, etc)
Events are rotated in and out each year, just like in Science Olympiad]"
Love it
This needs to be a thing!
"I like tacos.

There are 3 words. Triangles have 3 sides. A taco has 2 flat sides. 3+2=5. Fermi has 5 letters. 5 is approximately 10^1.

FERMI QUESTIONS confirmed!"
So I was at the library yesterday trying to find Rick Riordan books to re-read and it was all very confusing. Two of the Percy Jackson books were in YA, and one was in Juvenile. The Heroes of Olympus series is in Juvenile as well. I also noticed that Harry Potter was scattered between the two. I really want to know how they sort them because Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows is definitely not 2nd grade material.
Who else is scared of checking AP scores today?
"I was going to post a picture of my snail (which has amazingly survived my laziness by remaining inactive when without food) but the file wouldn't compress to be small enough so I gave up. This is to make up for the lack of picture.

""_@"
On the West coast, but got a friend in the east to check my AP scores for me. Looks like accidentally not answering the last free response question on AP bio did nothing to help me :/
Yeah, but I prefer Google.
I do too. Every time I use Amazon it takes at least 2 days for my results and usually costs around $50. Google gets me billions of results results in less than half a second :)
"New Genius Idea: Bio-ID Olympiad
23 Events
All events are similar to the Bio-ID Science Olympiad Events
Each event focuses on a class of living organisms (example: Class Insecta = Entomology, etc)
Events are rotated in and out each year, just like in Science Olympiad]"
Love it
This needs to be a thing!
"I like tacos.

There are 3 words. Triangles have 3 sides. A taco has 2 flat sides. 3+2=5. Fermi has 5 letters. 5 is approximately 10^1.

FERMI QUESTIONS confirmed!"
So I was at the library yesterday trying to find Rick Riordan books to re-read and it was all very confusing. Two of the Percy Jackson books were in YA, and one was in Juvenile. The Heroes of Olympus series is in Juvenile as well. I also noticed that Harry Potter was scattered between the two. I really want to know how they sort them because Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows is definitely not 2nd grade material.
Who else is scared of checking AP scores today?
"I was going to post a picture of my snail (which has amazingly survived my laziness by remaining inactive when without food) but the file wouldn't compress to be small enough so I gave up. This is to make up for the lack of picture.

""_@"
On the West coast, but got a friend in the east to check my AP scores for me. Looks like accidentally not answering the last free response question on AP bio did nothing to help me :/
Yeah, but I prefer Google.
I do too. Every time I use Amazon it takes at least 2 days for my results and usually costs around $50. Google gets me billions of results results in less than half a second :)
"New Genius Idea: Bio-ID Olympiad
23 Events
All events are similar to the Bio-ID Science Olympiad Events
Each event focuses on a class of living organisms (example: Class Insecta = Entomology, etc)
Events are rotated in and out each year, just like in Science Olympiad]"
Love it
This needs to be a thing!
"I like tacos.

There are 3 words. Triangles have 3 sides. A taco has 2 flat sides. 3+2=5. Fermi has 5 letters. 5 is approximately 10^1.

FERMI QUESTIONS confirmed!"
So I was at the library yesterday trying to find Rick Riordan books to re-read and it was all very confusing. Two of the Percy Jackson books were in YA, and one was in Juvenile. The Heroes of Olympus series is in Juvenile as well. I also noticed that Harry Potter was scattered between the two. I really want to know how they sort them because Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows is definitely not 2nd grade material.
Who else is scared of checking AP scores today?
"I was going to post a picture of my snail (which has amazingly survived my laziness by remaining inactive when without food) but the file wouldn't compress to be small enough so I gave up. This is to make up for the lack of picture.

""_@"
On the West coast, but got a friend in the east to check my AP scores for me. Looks like accidentally not answering the last free response question on AP bio did nothing to help me :/
Yeah, but I prefer Google.
I do too. Every time I use Amazon it takes at least 2 days for my results and usually costs around $50. Google gets me billions of results results in less than half a second :)
"New Genius Idea: Bio-ID Olympiad
23 Events
All events are similar to the Bio-ID Science Olympiad Events
Each event focuses on a class of living organisms (example: Class Insecta = Entomology, etc)
Events are rotated in and out each year, just like in Science Olympiad]"
Love it
This needs to be a thing!
"I like tacos.

There are 3 words. Triangles have 3 sides. A taco has 2 flat sides. 3+2=5. Fermi has 5 letters. 5 is approximately 10^1.

FERMI QUESTIONS confirmed!"
So I was at the library yesterday trying to find Rick Riordan books to re-read and it was all very confusing. Two of the Percy Jackson books were in YA, and one was in Juvenile. The Heroes of Olympus series is in Juvenile as well. I also noticed that Harry Potter was scattered between the two. I really want to know how they sort them because Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows is definitely not 2nd grade material.
Who else is scared of checking AP scores today?
"I was going to post a picture of my snail (which has amazingly survived my laziness by remaining inactive when without food) but the file wouldn't compress to be small enough so I gave up. This is to make up for the lack of picture.

""_@"
On the West coast, but got a friend in the east to check my AP scores for me. Looks like accidentally not answering the last free response question on AP bio did nothing to help me :/
Yeah, but I prefer Google.
I do too. Every time I use Amazon it takes at least 2 days for my results and usually costs around $50. Google gets me billions of results results in less than half a second :)
"New Genius Idea: Bio-ID Olympiad
23 Events
All events are similar to the Bio-ID Science Olympiad Events
Each event focuses on a class of living organisms (example: Class Insecta = Entomology, etc)
Events are rotated in and out each year, just like in Science Olympiad]"
Love it
This needs to be a thing!
"I like tacos.

There are 3 words. Triangles have 3 sides. A taco has 2 flat sides. 3+2=5. Fermi has 5 letters. 5 is approximately 10^1.

FERMI QUESTIONS confirmed!"
So I was at the library yesterday trying to find Rick Riordan books to re-read and it was all very confusing. Two of the Percy Jackson books were in YA, and one was in Juvenile. The Heroes of Olympus series is in Juvenile as well. I also noticed that Harry Potter was scattered between the two. I really want to know how they sort them because Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows is definitely not 2nd grade material.
Who else is scared of checking AP scores today?
"I was going to post a picture of my snail (which has amazingly survived my laziness by remaining inactive when without food) but the file wouldn't compress to be small enough so I gave up. This is to make up for the lack of picture.

""_@"
On the West coast, but got a friend in the east to check my AP scores for me. Looks like accidentally not answering the last free response question on AP bio did nothing to help me :/
Yeah, but I prefer Google.
I do too. Every time I use Amazon it takes at least 2 days for my results and usually costs around $50. Google gets me billions of results results in less than half a second :)
"New Genius Idea: Bio-ID Olympiad
23 Events
All events are similar to the Bio-ID Science Olympiad Events
Each event focuses on a class of living organisms (example: Class Insecta = Entomology, etc)
Events are rotated in and out each year, just like in Science Olympiad]"
Love it
This needs to be a thing!
"I like tacos.

There are 3 words. Triangles have 3 sides. A taco has 2 flat sides. 3+2=5. Fermi has 5 letters. 5 is approximately 10^1.

FERMI QUESTIONS confirmed!"
So I was at the library yesterday trying to find Rick Riordan books to re-read and it was all very confusing. Two of the Percy Jackson books were in YA, and one was in Juvenile. The Heroes of Olympus series is in Juvenile as well. I also noticed that Harry Potter was scattered between the two. I really want to know how they sort them because Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows is definitely not 2nd grade material.
Who else is scared of checking AP scores today?
"I was going to post a picture of my snail (which has amazingly survived my laziness by remaining inactive when without food) but the file wouldn't compress to be small enough so I gave up. This is to make up for the lack of picture.

""_@"
On the West coast, but got a friend in the east to check my AP scores for me. Looks like accidentally not answering the last free response question on AP bio did nothing to help me :/
Yeah, but I prefer Google.
I do too. Every time I use Amazon it takes at least 2 days for my results and usually costs around $50. Google gets me billions of results results in less than half a second :)
"New Genius Idea: Bio-ID Olympiad
23 Events
All events are similar to the Bio-ID Science Olympiad Events
Each event focuses on a class of living organisms (example: Class Insecta = Entomology, etc)
Events are rotated in and out each year, just like in Science Olympiad]"
Love it
This needs to be a thing!
"I like tacos.

There are 3 words. Triangles have 3 sides. A taco has 2 flat sides. 3+2=5. Fermi has 5 letters. 5 is approximately 10^1.

FERMI QUESTIONS confirmed!"
So I was at the library yesterday trying to find Rick Riordan books to re-read and it was all very confusing. Two of the Percy Jackson books were in YA, and one was in Juvenile. The Heroes of Olympus series is in Juvenile as well. I also noticed that Harry Potter was scattered between the two. I really want to know how they sort them because Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows is definitely not 2nd grade material.
Who else is scared of checking AP scores today?
"I was going to post a picture of my snail (which has amazingly survived my laziness by remaining inactive when without food) but the file wouldn't compress to be small enough so I gave up. This is to make up for the lack of picture.

""_@"
On the West coast, but got a friend in the east to check my AP scores for me. Looks like accidentally not answering the last free response question on AP bio did nothing to help me :/


























































































































































































































































































































































































































"Two weeks (look at the website). And an out-of-state trip would be better spent on any number of other good invitationals.

Also, I think you just made post number 19000 on this thread."
"When you're in line for a roller coaster and some middle schoolers try to talk butterfly about you in Spanish but you understand every word.

EDIT: Then you make sarcastic remarks and scare them off. XD"
"Made a new avatar in MS Paint. Just using them Paint skillz!*

*Note: These skillz do not pay the billz."
I got another ear piercing today . Didn't hurt as much as I thought it would.
"So apparently Quizlet won't let you have more than 2000 terms in a set. Suddenly the world feels so much smaller...

And what's sad is I have 2171 images of terrestrial plants, so I can't even just have an exclusive set for them; I have to leave a few with the aquatic plants...when I make a set for the aquatic plants, that is."
Hydrogeology is now my new obsession. Thanks Science Olympiad ;-;-;-;
Please do not start a cult. We have one already. #tehentocultz
"Two. #FermiQuestionsStillLives2K16

Plus all the old Astro nerds, like AlphaTauri and syo_astro."
I'll join the Fermi cult
Then check out the new forum. There are roughly 10^0 posts right now, which is really lame.
"All of my junior friends are stressing over winter break homework.

Meanwhile, my only homework is to think about this current events project in AP World History that's due in 5 months.

Life's good as a sophomore."
studying for my next competition in a week and listening to classical music, dubstep , rave , and tennis court by lorde .
Same here (although my music choices are different). Brookwood in two weeks and MIT in three, although I did finally succeed in getting stuff done over a break.
"Me right now.

Trying to memorize the specific muscles and bones for anatomy and physiology is ridiculously hard for me, and I'm trying not to die of frustration right now.

;-;"
So on a scale from 1-10 how bad is it that I've barely started studying for fossils (forensics is too interesting) and regionals is in 2 months?
"Same, but freaking out about the A&P muscle diagrams
Can't figure out why, but I get like 30% of the labels."
Fossils takes a lot of work; you should probably get started.
Unless you did fossils last year but if not you have a lot of work to do. I would say you should get started.
The Internet Archive is great; I found relics from Georgia's old old state website (2005-2011).
I know, I know! I try to start then get overwhelmed. I'm on JV though this year (freshmeat) and there are only 3 other JV teams in the region so I have a good chance of medaling. My real goal is to place in the top 10 overall so I should really get on it.
First day of the new quarter, waking up 10 minutes before first class. Going great!
Ouch... good luck.
Really could sleep yesterday because I'm so not used to being caught up on sleep. Looking forward to 1/29, the day I've got 3 midterms almost back to back... /s
"So excited for the ML invitational! I've been studying for at least 4 hours everyday, and since I don't have school this week (but a shorter spring break ;-;-;-;), I'm spending all of my time for studying. I'm determined to get at least 15th in all of my events.

Anyway, I was planning to go to a speech and debate tournament but the president said that I shouldn't go because of my lack of experience. Oh well. ;-;-;-;-;"
At least where I compete, JV medals are 1st to 4th place and there are 4 total JV teams in your region. What if you somehow DIDN'T medal?
Who else pronounces YDRC as "y-derk?"
Usually I don't pronounce it, so I don't know.
"Heh, last semester my roommate could literally wake up 10 minutes before her first class and make it there on time. It's one of the closest buildings on campus to where we live, and Michigan Time helps too...

(For everyone who doesn't go to UMich, Michigan Time means that all classes start 10 minutes after the listed start time, e.g. a 9 AM class actually starts at 9:10 AM. It's also a universal excuse for being up to 10 minutes late for anything and everything.)"
"First class yesterday was about 0.4 miles from the dorm. Roommate had two classes back to back last quarter that were a mile apart, and you had to have both together so everyone was late...

Things like Michigan Time amuse me--don't you just shift your mental clock 10 minutes later? I grew up with a clocks 10 minutes early and we just grew accustomed to always having that time buffer that allowed being behind schedule. I think Berkeley also has its own ""Michigan Time"" but they also apparently over-register classes under the assumption not everyone will come..."
So I have to channel my inner Draco tomorrow...and Friday...and Monday. This will be interesting.
New semester... Break screwed over my sleep schedule so I am irrationally tired.
"I bought my first book in Esperanto! (Discounting the free religious literature I took just because it was something printed in Esperanto.)

""La Danĝera Lingvo: Studo Pri La Persekutoj Kontraŭ Esperanto"" (""The Dangerous Language: Study about the persecutions against Esperanto"")"
I hate College Board! So we were supposed to get our PSAT scores in January (with the gimmick that we can choose old or new SAT and study over winter break), but then they postponed them to January 7th (after the old SAT deadline and winter break), AND NOW THEY ARE POSTPONED FOR JANUARY 29. I'm not the only one with this problem!
Tears of joy when Internet Explorer loads a site the way I want.
Tears of pity when you hear about someone using IE.
Oh, I should have mentioned that I'm loading sites I've made. So just trying to make it so IE users can view it too! (But I agree--IE isn't the best browser.) If fewer browsers existed my webpage designing attempts would be so much easier. And right now I'll just act like mobile devices don't exist so I don't have to worry about those...
Good luck to the ~500 team competing in 14 invitational tournaments tomorrow! In some areas, this will be our first glimpse into how the rest of the nation is doing.
First Robotics hype!!! Build season starts!
Well... Finally got my PSAT score. CB didn't send any money or chocolate as a refund, so I'm still unimpressed.
"At a dental conference: ""Does anyone know what DSO stands for? You'll get a gift card!""
Me: ""Deep Space Object!""
Oops..."
Sigh bernard, you got that really wrong...of course, that means Deep SKY Object. C'mon astro people, we need to make sure the public knows stuff like this -_-.
"-_-
If you knew how many hours it took for us to pull off that kickoff...
By the way, if anyone went to GT's FIRST robotics kickoff, you may have seen me running around like a maniac and/or manning the live stream station (and for anyone affected by the terrible streaming, it literally WAS NOT my fault.)
Cheers. You get a super weird game."
Sounds like what happens 80% of the time that I volunteer at things... the other 20% of the time I'm just sitting around on my butt, doing nothing and bored out of my mind.
"I'll stick with Dental Service Organizations
/ashamed"
Don't you love it when you find the perfect present for your dad's birthday (tickets to one of your shared favorite bands), but you can't go because you're too young to be let into the venue?
That's the worst... I feel so bad What band is it?
"*looks at browser*
*cries*"
"You're back!

You should go and make the Pennsylvania thread more active; it looks pathetic right now."
It's a smaller one that many people haven't heard of. I grew up listening to them with my Dad.
Techno-babble: the primary language of everything sci-fi (and sometimes enjoyable to try and decipher).
"I signed up for a speech tournament today, and I'm doing Impromptu.

I'm ready to absolutely fail."
Seven posts to a thousand...
Post count is not directly tied to self worth. Luckily it is tangentially tied to self worth.
Scioly is lyfe. Post count is self-worth.
I'll be visiting UChicago tomorrow morning! If anyone goes there, let me know
Let's see... I think quizbowl goes there (not sure how I know this but whatever). I'm also reasonably sure that quizbowl hasn't been on here in months.
"But anyone can randomly post useless content in state forums to build up their ""self-worth""

And it doesn't help admins can delete posts to diminish the ""self-worth"" of other users"
We also have a special button that can delete all of a user's posts. Powers always used for evil. "Welcome" to the forums.
There is also a special button that someone big up there has labelled "karma"
That moment when you lose hope that your team will get anything done in time for competition. And the literally everyone goes above expectations and is ready to compete. I have to say even sometimes my own teammates surprise me
quizbowl is coming out of scioly retirement to help out at the MIT invitational, so you might see him then
Last invite ever tomorrow. Excited, but sad.
Anyone know good books on South-east Asian (preferably pre-modern) history? I've had a recent interest, but I can't find much.
"All I can think of is the Wikipedia article.
(By the way, it's Wikipedia's 15th birthday )"
Anyone recognize this image? https://www.facebook.com/abcnews/posts/ ... 8912588812
Are you going to Brookwood?
Yup.
I got 3.5/4 points at a chess invite today, team got 3/4. Even though I played like absolute trash last round and nearly lost my queen on move 20, my opponent didn't notice because apparently my poker face is good.
It's time for a midseason check-in. Hi, folks! I'm doing too much Science Olympiad to actually sign-on to this site as much as I'd like, if that's even a thing. I had to ask a question, though...I hope your seasons are going well.
"Got a little impatient while working, me for scale: http://imgur.com/nt0WUDK.jpg

And happy 1000 posts, time to stop posting useful stuff to preserve that number: http://i.imgur.com/utNlFGI.png"
Perhaps a bit weird but Github username is now scioly.
Bernard, I sent you a pm about the account thing. Somehow I didn't notice it until today
Not owning a laptop or smartphone means the most expensive item on me is my biology textbook. So if you decide to mug me you should probably take that. (But also please don't because I love that book.)
Our bell is now Mission Impossible themed. Another theme?
Your bell should be Mission Possible themed (somehow ).
"When your APCS teacher plays Carmina Burana while teaching you about arrays.

EDIT #1: Uh oh, I must have run out of SPAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAACE!
EDIT #2: My WIDI and EV results from BISOT are tarnishing my signature. Ew.
EDIT #3: The Brookwood invite always makes me sad."
Got out of school at 10 today because there is literally a millimeter of snow on the ground.
LAAAAME! I don't remember the last time we had an actual SNOW day (even though we got four days canceled my freshman and sophomore years because of extreme cold - wind chill below -20F). I think we'd need at least a foot or two of snow to cancel school.
We would probably get out of school if there was a 10% chance of snow. Ahhh, the wonders of Alabama.
Lol yeah. I was actually surprised they made us go to school in the first place. They took a lot longer than they normally do to call it. We ended up just sitting in homeroom for an hour and a half doing nothing.
To the junior who sits next to me in AP Chem: please stop chewing gum and drumming on your practice pad during class. I can't take it anymore.
Let him/her know respectfully. You should be allowed to work in an environment that does not hinder your learning. Or be passive aggressive and start chewing gum and drumming more loudly and frequently than him/her (FYI: not recommended, I'm joking).
If you do wish to do this, I can probably hook you up with a snare drum for pretty cheap.
Eh, I have a bass guitar that literally hasn't been tuned in 5 years; use a slightly different form of revenge annoyance
Maybe I'll pass, but there's always the option of rickrolling him.
No school today! God forbid we drive in snow.
And the northerners start laughing... now.
I wish it would snow here. All we got was some snow/rain mix for about 30 min. (Say next part in southern accent) Awww shucks! I sure do wish we could get us some snow here in Alabama! Them northern folks get all the fun!
"Fun?

...

Fun?"
Well, when I said northern, I meant states such as South Carolina and Tennessee, which are farther north than Alabama and are getting about 1-2 inches of snow, as opposed to 0'' in Alabama, and a foot in Michigan.
It snowed last night for us......
In Missouri we got a snow day on Wednesday (with like two inches).
Yall it's a state of emergency down here. But at least we can still make sweet tea (we ran out of milk last night....might be brave and venture out for more).
But literally everyone went out on Thursday to get milk and bread...
"Us Arizonans be like: OMG THERE'S A LITTLE BIT OF FROST ON THE SOCCER FIELD IT'S SNOWING!!!!!!!!!
The last time it actually snowed in my town was New Year's last year."
You're new to the forums! Welcome! If you haven't already looked here, you probably should.
When you recognize all the tryout tests because they're pulled off the test exchange ._.
This reminds me (for some reason) of that time when Z was talking about how he ocassionally took competition tests that he had wrotten for practice (an incentive to make tests for the test exchange!)
How many inches Panda?
"How was MIT? And congrats on 8th!

On another note, it's really funny to hear a bunch of cheerleaders whine about Georgia's HOPE and Zell Miller. 3.7 GPA IN HIGH SCHOOL people, it's not hard!"
I don't like football... or sports in general. Yay.
Hence you are in SciOly, where anti-athletes care for other anti-athletes.
Does anyone else have families that are into science AND sports?

"MIT was good, although not quite as good as I expected. Obviously everyone was surprised by our placement; after hearing Acton-Boxborough in 9th I was sure we wouldn't place (although had I actually counted the medals at the awards ceremony, I likely would have thought otherwise).

I now see what you mean about your Brookwood results messing up your sig. Looks like I'll just have to do better."
Sorry. I guess that was sort of spammy and immature. But yay!! My first non-participation trophy!! (I only ever get medals)
My four day weekend just extended to five. Yay for southerners being scared of driving on perfectly clear roads.
Seriously people... Meanwhile... in Alabama it's 60 degrees. BTW panda what state are you from? You don't have to answer that, it's ok if you don't for privacy reasons.
Pfft. It's 30 in Illinois and that's hot for this time of the year (especially compared to the past two years).
"Because people here don't know how to drive in snow because their helicopter moms don't teach them because they're afraid of snow because they don't know how to drive in snow.

Gotta love perpetual cycles."
Yeah, the usual temperature here around this time of year is 35-40. This week is going to be hotter though. No one in AL knows how to drive in snow (unless they moved from up north like my family).
Almost forgot. In my school I have lunch and recess in the same period. I had recess in the first slot and lunch in the other. My locker is quite near a door that looks out to where we play. When I was coming back from lunch, people were near the door making commotion. I went over there, looked outside, and a pipe had broken and water was flying about 15 feet or so into the air. I was told some little kid kicked it (or something). Props to the kid.
"Just what they need after building a new campus.

On another note, NEVER sing with noise cancelling headphones on. I have very many regrets now."
OCD finally kicked in enough for me to change my email. Probably should have done before college started.
YESSS!!! YESSS!!! I just found out that my school is taking about half of the athletics budget (no academic teams included, fortunately) to buy tablets for everyone!!!! YESS!!!
My school just had taxes raised and bothered the rich suburban folk to get our tablets. What tablets are you getting?
They're stuck between the Surface 3 and some Dell tablet. But it's really funny to hear all the future trophy wives whining about how we should be ignoring academics because obviously it does nothing to help you in the future.
"There was a fight at my school today. My friend and I were walking to our first class and we almost walked straight into it, until we saw all the people running towards the fight. Then we just kind of stood there in shock, until a police officer almost barreled straight into me, while running to stop the fight.


Why are people so interested in fights? Does this happen at your schools too?"
Only among the lowest echelon of plebes. *sips tea with pinkie in the air*

So a senior in my AP Lang class got an Illinois State Scholar award, and we were congratulating him on it. This one snobbish girl is like, "They give out 10,000 of those each year! It's not that great!" I mean, WHO DOES THAT?! He's getting an award for his academics and she just chooses to be a jerk about it to his face while he's getting the reward! I hope SHE doesn't get the award next year, just for that.
"There are tons of fights at my school. A few years ago they had to put one way glass in the cafeteria so that kids outside wouldn't flock in to watch when there was a fight happening. One day while I was waiting in the bus alley four separate fights started right in front of me.
Cheesy Pie wrote:
So a senior in my AP Lang class got an Illinois State Scholar award, and we were congratulating him on it. This one snobbish girl is like, ""They give out 10,000 of those each year! It's not that great!"" I mean, WHO DOES THAT?! He's getting an award for his academics and she just chooses to be a jerk about it to his face while he's getting the reward! I hope SHE doesn't get the award next year, just for that.
Wow. I really can't understand people at times. From what you said it sounds like she might have been jealous and being mean because of that, but that isn't an excuse to be rude."
Good luck to the 20 or so teams competing on Saturday at the South Carolina Div B State Tournament (not that any of them will read this).
"Oh don't worry, it's her soccer mom training. She's just learning how to narcissistically throw people under the bus for her and her children's reputation (albeit soccer moms consider their children to be part of them.) /r/sarcasm

I swear, girls like that do nothing to progress gender equality."
She's a junior, so I don't even think she'd have much reason to be jealous. I've never really liked her, even though a lot of my friends are also friends with her. She's also in my AP Calc BC class, and she always corrects the teacher on tiny mistakes when everyone else knows what he meant and the mistakes don't really impede the lesson.
"Our high school should take out a bit of the athletics budget and get, like, enough textbooks for everyone. And deal with the $1-million-plus debt that's still hanging around. And pay our teachers enough.

Our high school's in good shape, haha."
"NPD much?

Also, quote of the day:
Teacher: ""So here's a new course for those of you interested! Seniors, sorry.""
Senior: ""Sorry?! I can't wait to get the ____ out of here!!!"""
"Heh, I wonder if my school district finally found some common sense and stopped approving superfluous renovations despite still considering making cuts to the music program every year... Probably not >.>

And hmm, I still don't know if I like the idea of using tablets and such, especially in high school. I know there's been a push towards ""using technology in the classroom"", which is a fair enough goal since it's so ubiquitous nowadays, but I rarely ever see it done RIGHT. Usually it either feels really shoehorned in and it feels like there wasn't much of a point to actually using the technology, or people have to spend an inordinate amount of time on trying to learn to use the technology and the course as a whole suffers because of it."
Don't you sometimes just hate it when people just ask questions expecting and wanting a direct answer instead of taking the effort to read through the forums?
As I read through my admitted freshman guides, I realized that I will be facing the misery of freshman orientation within the next 6-7 months. (How much worse can it get when one of them is called "camp" and you have to bring your parents to play icebreakers with your dormmates + their parents? That honestly sounds more like my kindergarten open house!) Fortunately, College Humor prepared well in advance and made this for my misanthropic pleasure:
Ugh, finals happen too close to the Highline Regional. I guess I won't be able to go to finals.
"^^

If I could like that, I would"
"Well, just had Rustin Invitationals!


Did . . . not . . . expect . . . SHMS . . . to get . . . 3rd . . . place . . . ."
I think that's good. Does that mean Strath Haven got better?
It probably does, since several New York schools go to Rustin; however, what's more important is who they lost to and who they beat. Strath hasn't really been a contender for the Nationals spots since 2013.
Considering we weren't prepared for most of the events, it was quite a shock.
Hey everyone, Springhouse kid here, Strath was a beast at Rustin yesterday, you guys are gonna give both Shady Side and Springhouse a run for their money at States.
Thanks!
I know during the summer people here were pretty annoyed with Game On, but after the invitationals and a few regionals and states, what do you think of it?
"Do not know why I did not post this last Friday, but...

The awkwardness that ensues when your AP Lit teacher and a drama kid have a duet. Yeah."
"I'm not really finding this Harry Potter book interesting . . . .


Internet War ensues below ↓"
"GASP ..... HOW DARE YOU, YOU VILE IMBECILIC CREATURE. *I SET A THOUSAND DUCKS AND DEMON POX ON YOU!!!

Ok... a bit more calmly now. Which one?

* If you don't get it, go read the Mortal Instruments and then read the Infernal Devices."
"That's too easy. That second column is completely filled in five minutes, tops.

As for orientation itself, the only was I can guarantee you have a great orientation is if you come to Drake University. We know how to do orientation here. I can't speak for other schools, but you should just play it safe and come to Drake."
Which one? Because if it's the 5th I can totally understand.
"Following the recent events with trolls, I received the following PM from Cmg635 titled ""Meanie:""

#lordfarquaad"
Heeeeeey, I like the fifth book. It's the fourth, sixth, and seventh that I found to be snoozers.
I personally thought the 1st one was pretty boring.
Protip: "please be respectful of other users" applies to you equally. Just because someone was being a jerk to you doesn't mean you should be a jerk to them.
To be fair, trolls do not deserve respect, else they will continue being trolls.
I'd say the seventh and third are definitely my favorite two. The second is my least favorite, but it's still pretty good. I'm a pretty large fan of all seven, basically.
Go you!
Have you read TMI and TID?
Anyone else's hide function not working? I can't seem to use mine... and of course Samlan16 tells me to use it in Wind Power.
I THINK IT'S WORKING (CLICK TO SHOW HIDDEN TEXT)
People on the internet, no matter how infuriating they may be, are still people.
[hide]Umm...[/hide]
You have to use a "|" between hide and hidden info.
OHH... (CLICK TO SHOW HIDDEN TEXT)
I feel like I should direct you here. Lol.
I think it's also in my signature.
I didn't realize you had to use this thing |
"Agh, so close...


""IT'S NOT FAIR...IT'S NOT FAIR!"" (CLICK TO SHOW HIDDEN TEXT)"
My Superbowl prediction: Ireland will win, but Krum will catch the snitch.
Just realised our events overlap
Me too!
"Well, I suppose that makes all of us.

Are you all looking forward to the rendition of Vindaloo at the end of the first half?"
"Add to the list of amusing test answers: trees move, men have more masculinity [than women], and iodine is not an element. Yesterday was...interesting.

On another note, tomorrow is apparently my scioly.org anniversary, seven years. Yikes."
A rather odd trend among the opening statements for my Team of the Week posts; each one so far has included the word "time".
"I'd say it's about time you make it more interesting.

...

I regret nothing."
People at my school need to learn how to blow their noses.
There's a cold going around, and most of the classrooms don't have tissues. I'm not sure if it's the students; maybe it's the teachers who need to have tissues in the classroom. (Does your school have tissues?)
I'm not sure about other schools, but our classrooms have been lacking tissue boxes for the past 4 months now
"Pretty much how it is here.

But for real, can't they learn how to carry a travel pack or something?"
Snow day today for my school district. Apparently it was pretty bad near the Lakeshore, but at my house (which is about 7-8 miles inland), there is literally only traces of snow (a few millimeters at most).
Wooooooowwww!
Too bad this isn't random. If only we could randomize this...maybe we require OGIL (or as an actual thing, OGLE) for that. Sadly this isn't random either, sigh.
Well it is cool.
I never said it wasn't . I sadly had an astronomy class, so I couldn't watch the live stream. On top of that, apparently the astro dept was having a get together to see what the big deal was. I was actually hedging bets that it wouldn't be exactly what people were saying, but I'm quite happy to be surprised. Also, made for a good note in my physics lab report "...interference has led to discoveries...such as gravitational waves..."
Indeed, wow. Now it needs to be backed up by finding gravitational waves under normal conditions.
Ahhh. I know, it would've been covered more if it was thaaaattt big.
"PandaWeasley is totally not cat sitting this weekend solely for the purpose of getting enough money to pre-order Cursed Child.
... (CLICK TO SHOW HIDDEN TEXT)"
In APCS we are learning how to use a green screen, so we all have to take a picture of ourselves for it. What am I doing? Dirt in a cup with me in the cup holding dirt in a cup. Dirtception.
Person is very excited too! And they're releasing covers of the Sorcerer's Stone themed with the 4 houses next year to commemorate the 20th anniversary!
I KNOW!!!!!! I'm already saving up to buy them!
Fibonacci924 is literally dying of excitement. JK has too many things coming out.
'literally dying'
There are so many things! 2016 is the year of Harry Potter!
Just when I was thinking northern Oklahoma was seismologically quiet again (as it is supposed to be if we weren't fracking there), I wake up to a 5.1 felt up here in southern Kansas.
Are you judging me?
"Nope. Just your use of the word literally.

I mean, technically you're dying right now because (assuming you are mortal) you get closer to your death every second. But I don't think that's what you meant."
Anti-theft scanners seem to always go off on me. Walking into a store, it goes off. An I promise I'm not bringing back stolen merchandise. (I'm more careful than that :P)
"YDRC > Blogging and Banter!

In other news sigh, physics classes that seem like poorly taught math classes due to varying reasons."
It could be said that every organism (hydras notwithstanding...been posited that they're immortal) is 'literally dying' from the moment it's created .
Happy work on Science Olympiad alone day!
"Went 5-2 at chess states again , but there are some great stories this year.
On Friday, we were trying to decide where to go to dinner, so we jokingly suggested Big Al's (the shady strip club across the street from the Peoria Civic Center), and one of my teammates was like, ""Do they have free WiFi?""
The same teammate has a huge crush on a girl from another school (I actually played her fourth round - I beat her pretty handily), so another person on our team found her Instagram, DM'd her, and got blocked.
Another teammate nearly convinced one of our freshmen that Hooters was a shady strip club. (How do you go through 14 or 15 years of life without knowing what Hooters even is?)
I still don't have the nerve to flirt with the guy I like, and with my luck he has a girlfriend and is a George Li-level prick.
The incompetent wingman from the other story got checkmated twice in one game. (Lower board tactics at their finest... Actually second-finest; finest would be the original Derik-mate back in November)
We actually rationed Wandke's caffeine (2014 and 2015, he had lots of soda and was practically bouncing off the walls)
No one got locked out as far as I know."
Two members of the Missouri Board of Directors are listed as being on a committee for the 2019 National Tournament, however the location of that tournament (or any info, for that matter) has yet to be released.
"How about a guessing game? Donnelly College.

On another note, I cannot wait to be done with high school."
"When regionals astronomy is harder than the MIT test >_<

EDIT: Placed first!"
Harder than the test from last year? Because that one was tough (in comparison, this year's test was too easy)
Just the one for this year that was uploaded to soinc.org. I haven't been to MIT.
We had an academic team picture day today. Half the school proceeds to leave to go outside so a teacher can take a pic on from the roof.
"Guess what I did today!
You'll be so proud...
I messaged the administrative team to let them know how wonderful they are! And then I gave random people hugs in school because constructive behavior always trumps destructive behavior!"

"Not meeting you anytime soon
Are you still banned?"
"Um, yes.
Don't worry, I'm nice to most people. Right?"
Oh good, I finally got nShrek to work...
I was a really obnoxious middle schooler.
That is one of the most redundant statements I've ever read.
Having spent a lot of time in the depths of the Posting Games (observing, not posting) and in the Archives, I am tempted to agree with this statement...
"WHAT. HAVE. YOU. DONE.

The world is ending..."
What? I just used nShrek, that's all.
AHHHHHHHHHH
"lol wut... how do you do that???you should also do that with my profile.

EDIT: oh wait its an app on the chrome store that changes all the images to shrek. nvm..."
I remember you from reading YDRC over summer. So I pretty much agree. You said it yourself anyways.
Anyone else also do YBTC? I have competition on March 2nd and haven't picked up the study guide yet
Ever since I learned LaTeX, I feel like I can never look at type-set math the same way again.
"Dialogues between me and my brother about Fossils-

Him- ""I need another binder""
Me- ""You can only bring in one binder, you know""
Him- ""Oh...yeah, right""
========================
Me: ""The Stegosaurus only eats leaves and stuff""
Him- ""Then why is it called STEAKasaurus?"""
Well, that was one hectic tournament. Probably got 1st place overall in my two real events (V got 1st as well and we are fairly positive we beat them), but I also was related in a hugging incident that ended with someone going to the hospital with a dislocated patella. I didn't do anything I swear!!
"I hope your brother was joking...
Panda Weasley wrote:
Well, that was one hectic tournament. Probably got 1st place overall in my two real events (V got 1st as well and we are fairly positive we beat them), but I also was related in a hugging incident that ended with someone going to the hospital with a dislocated patella. I didn't do anything I swear!!
How does that happen from hugging???
It's always awkward when you accidentally injure someone and you have to tell everyone it wasn't on purpose..."
"gryphaea1635 wrote:
How does that happen from hugging???
It's always awkward when you accidentally injure someone and you have to tell everyone it wasn't on purpose...
I hadn't seen them in a while (they coach my old Div B team), and they were running to hug me after awards. It was on a hill and they tripped right before reaching me causing them to roll down a lot and dislocate their patella. So I didn't do anything, but I feel that I deserve part of the blame."
Umm.... anyone else looked at this person's other comments? I don't think they are a real person
It's called a bot
Actually they posted a seemingly legitimate score in the Bridges subforum. It seems to me like they're probably not a bot (I actually originally thought they were a bot and reported them for advertising so...)
But their signature had links in it...
Some of the bots have been using sentences from past posts, making them seem legitimate.
Why Mr. Green? ( )
"You could say my abstract algebra class lately has a lot of aH Ha moments.


Bad, obscure math puns, nothing to see here..."
When your school has two lockdown drills a day (that they call "hall sweeps" to sound more friendly) because some freshman three counties away got abused by other students. What's even more lovely is when no other schools in the district are doing it. #helicopterparenting
What in the name of *beep* is this? First of all, "administrative team", America is something called a "free country". Second, what's a "hug"? And third, it was not "violent", as you said in your "reason for editing". It was merely an accident. Maybe he sent himself up to the nurses's office because he was sick. And my arm, like, slipped or something and got chocolate milk all over and inside his backpack. I mean, accidents happen! Also if I gave random people hugs in school I would get sent to the principal's office for sexual harassment. Wouldn't want that!
Hmmm... tell me where this is from... and avoid swearing even with bleeps.
I wrote a daily random comment and Schrodingers_cat edited it to make it sound "great". Technically you just cussed too, because you said "bleep."
You know I meant the onomatopoeia, not the actual connotation.
"Apparently instead of celebrating pi day, my math class is celebrating ""square day"" on 4/9/16. -_-

Seriously, what does one even do on square day?"
It's better than pi day! You can eat literally anything in a square shape!
Suggestion: Don't take offense and just don't do it again (whatever it was; I arrived too late to see the original text). Judging by East's remark, whatever you did wasn't very serious.
"And what kind of food is in a square?

Actually, the best suggestion of what we should do was 'square up' My teacher also mentioned square dancing. It happens to be on the same day as Missouri states, so I'll be too busy studying to care about math class."
For pi day we're going to have a raffle to have a science/math teacher pied in the face for a fundraising event for one of my other clubs.
"Square foods: http://lmgtfy.com/?q=square+shaped+foods (I find the image of everyone eating a sugar cube funny, though)

On the other hand, you could just appreciate any old solid that has a good ol' cubic lattice like salt . See, variety!"
We have something like that, but it's whoever writes down the most digits of pi they get to pie their math teacher. Every math teacher has to get pied in the face.
haha, at our school people are buying tickets to put teachers' names into the raffle, but the problem is that the teachers people actually want to be pied in the face have declined to be in the raffle because they know they'll definitely be picked.
The last of nine consecutive Div B invitationals in Ohio happens tomorrow (seven of those are also Div C). Good luck to everyone competing at West Liberty-Salem! (and everyone competing everywhere else too, I suppose)
Mooncake! Which is amazing!
The only mooncake I've seen is in the shape of animals...delicious, but not sqaure.
"That's weird, because the only mooncake I've ever seen is either square or Hello Kitty shaped...

Also- Belgian waffles."
"NEVER seen anything but square mooncakes.
Chocolate pieces"
I've seen round mooncakes but no animal mooncakes :O
Costco sold some that were pig or panda shaped during October: http://imgur.com/G74IqCM
Someone give me a random name and a random color. Don't ask questions; just do it.
Bernard and maroon.
When your school's chapter of Mu Alpha Theta is holding a math competition, but the president at the last minute decides to pull out, so you as VP have to cancel a college visit to run the tournament so the club can still pull it off and not make a bunch of elementary students sad.
:O For whatever reason, there's no Costco in my town xD
"I got banned (again...for the 8th time?) on the IRC. ALL I DID WAS TALK ABOUT RICE...AND SING ABOUT IT. THEM MODS DON'T APPRECIATE MY RICE
Whoo oooh...
It's just me, my rice and I
Solo right until I die
'Cause I
Got rice for life
YEAH!!!! RICE FOREVER"
Dude, grow up.
Personally, I don't get what the big deal with the whole rice thing is. But maybe that's just me.
Hormones. We all did stuff like that too (though some of us internalised it).
"Whoa. Don't you put down my rice.
Rice is freaking amazing.
Do you people see what I mean when I say people don't appreciate rice?"
I love bernard.
Who doesn't?
Fanbots! (not really a bot but whatever)
*Adds to Bot Pokedex*
LOL, but it does not look like you did.
"Double post, but...

Today I formally listed all of my C Div medals on my college resume (lengthened it substantially) and went back to sort them by event.

I have done 12 events in high school. Most students on my team stick to between 2 and 6."
I'm too lazy.
So who's going to make the 'Who's Going to Nationals?' thread?
Hopefully someone who's going to Nationals and is very active but won't be studying. Which so far does not describe me.
"Could we all agree that it is misogynistic for a scholarship committee to ask your recommenders to grade your personal appearance?

No lie, I just came across a scholarship for women in STEM that wants that."
"Advertisements starting in the middle of symphonies are the worst since they don't even care where movements end.

Also Jeff Anderson has me wanting to build a biplane. Maybe after finals."
Yeah, but still not as bad as sexism or whatever.
"Just hope appearance doesn't actually play a part in the selection process... or maybe it's a test to see whether you have the guts to ask someone about your appearance.
And what's the name of the scholarship? I want to see the application for my own amusement."

It's called the Ted Wilson scholarship, which Cappex said was for women only (albeit it reads as gender neutral). For your amusement, here is the evaluation:
Oh yeah, that's totally misogynistic. I guess you just give it to your nicer teachers and say you need the money, and try to ignore the misogyny? Idk.
"That's super weird. Trying to come up with a non-misogynistic reason they might do this... maybe they are indirectly evaluating how well the candidate takes care of herself? ""Star students"" sometimes struggle with managing all their classes/ECs/etc that they overlook basic self-care needs like brushing teeth or combing hair. I can definitely relate to coming to school looking like a mess with bloodshot eyes from reading 5pt font on a computer screen for 5 hours last night for SciOly... It's impressive if a student can manage their external responsibilities AND have the time and concern for their own physical well-being.

It's a pretty big stretch but it's possible... I like to think they had some kind of reason that made sense in some way that isn't as blatantly disgusting as wanting good-looking candidates"
"mnstrviola wrote:
That's super weird. Trying to come up with a non-misogynistic reason they might do this... maybe they are indirectly evaluating how well the candidate takes care of herself? ""Star students"" sometimes struggle with managing all their classes/ECs/etc that they overlook basic self-care needs like brushing teeth or combing hair. I can definitely relate to coming to school looking like a mess with bloodshot eyes from reading 5pt font on a computer screen for 5 hours last night for SciOly... It's impressive if a student can manage their external responsibilities AND have the time and concern for their own physical well-being.

It's a pretty big stretch but it's possible... I like to think they had some kind of reason that made sense in some way that isn't as blatantly disgusting as wanting good-looking candidates
There is no reason for doing this at all and no point in trying to justify it.

I'm going to show it to my friends so we can laugh at that scholarship committee for lagging 60 years behind in social progress."
I can't believe that is legit. Unless it is photoshopped. I'm not doubting you, but I wish that were photoshopped.
"Another fantastic scholarship happening: one of my friends won this huge economics scholarship, but she still needs a ton of aid to afford going out of state. Our school's PTSA gives out scholarships to the top people in our class like her. But do you want to know what our principal said?
WARNING: NEAR-COMMUNIST LOGIC AHEAD. (CLICK TO SHOW HIDDEN TEXT)
What the flying..."
I can't... That's so stupid on so many levels.
Didn't mean to come across as justifying it. It's unbelievable to me that the whole "we want good looking people" thing was their actual intent, so I'm trying to figure out if there were any other more plausible, miscommunicated reasons... right or wrong.

I'm so excited to finally get my driver's license! Then I won't have to drive anymore! (That's how it works, right?)
Yay, Karp! I'm hopefully getting my permit this weekend which will be an adventure. Imagine me driving...
Congrats to Karp (and hopefully Panda)! Enjoy driving while it's still of no cost to you.
I already have my permit; I just need to get a lot more hours. Illinois requires 50 hours AND a driving test before you get your license and even then you are restricted a lot until you're 18. What about you guys?
Considering not viewing my final grades until break ends and the new quarter starts :3
"In Georgia you have to take about 30 hours of driver's ed and then drive 6 hours in lessons if you test before turning 17, but you have to wait a year after getting a permit and must log 30 hours of driving time. Your license has a curfew until you turn 18 (but literally no one cares), and that's about it.

Yeah, in retrospect, it sucked."
Illinois also requires driver's ed, and that got me like three of my driving hours because I took it over the summer. But dealing with jerk drivers who think the road is theirs to roam freely and drive however the heck they want is so exhausting.
It will still be that way when you get your license. Just be grateful that you do not have to deal with Atlanta traffic.
"Missouri requires 40 hours of daytime driving plus 10 hours of nighttime driving (which I totally did). My parents made me drive basically whenever anyone in my family went somewhere and I had time, so getting the 40 hours wasn't too hard.

EDIT: Good luck to Georgia and other states competing tomorrow!"
Checking grades just isn't worth it
UTF when are you going to send someone the sassy account?
bernard reset the password
Did I send you the password to it? Reseting password and sending...
Do the admins have anything planned for April Fools' this year?
No, the admins manage the site very seriously and have nothing planned for this year, like usual.
Uhhh...What is this?
It's a Lolmain. Nothing strange about it...
I'm so excited for spring break, because I'm visiting MIT, Harvard and Boston University. MIT is as of now one of my top 4 schools.
Oh yeah? I'm so excited for my spring break because I get to deal with a bunch of crapola because my top choice school (UIUC) is going bankrupt!
Oh my god. I apologize for the fact that our governor won't pass a budget.
I officially cannot differentiate between Cheese from Foster's Home for Imaginary Friends and a minion.
Well, you could live in Kansas, where the budget is just the word "NO" hastily scribbled onto a used napkin.
Haha I guess. But Illinois has been budgetless since June (I think) because neither the governor nor Mike Madigan - who basically controls the state - will make any compromises. And it's in our state constitution that you can't cut state Congress pensions or something like that :/
"greetings people who ban me for things that other people do
(ignore that)
why can't i post a pic on our school wiki correctly
humans i require assistance"
Not sure if I should get involved in certain issues that are kind of annoying me. (See above.)
"excuse me. thanks everyone. that was *so* very helpful, but cat already helped.
geeeee. thanks people. also if it's annoying you, you should never respond or somewhat reply to any of my forum posts.
also i changed your white font from the ""see above"" to black so i could showcase your ""majesticalness""
also if you're having trouble deciding if you should ""get involved"" you should ask ""Le Blob"". Le Blob shall answer your inquiries in detail. but Le Blob will just tell you to GTFO of my master's life and be never seen again.
actually idk because i am not Le Blob. but Le Blob likes me.
sorry if i gave you some form of eye/brain cancer reading this."
"Um, what? I was referring to my friend not getting scholarships from our school because she got a big one at the beginning of the year.

The whole color thing was because I know people are probably annoyed by my earlier posts."
Does anyone use this--> smiley anymore?
I didn't even know that was a smiley.
I totally forgot about my taxonomy quizzer. I think completing it was on my mind until winter break but that never happened.
I finished the images a while back. Are you still planning on fixing the quizzer?
Maybe after I finish this site I'm working on. But the quizzer should be quick to fix, I hope.
Highlight or Strikethrough or Spoiler?
So you're the one who broke scioly.org...
Come on, it's too early for an April Fool's prank...
"So it wasn't just me?

Also, you have 262 notifications!?"
Congratulations to Unome on his promotion!
I cringe every time my parents pronounce Scioly as "sigh-aw-lee" instead of "sigh-oh-lee."
My parents just say SO.
"I pronounce it sigh-aw-lee most of the time
Well, I guess it's more like a mix between the two pronunciations"
I visited MIT yesterday and Harvard today. I still really like MIT (though it's my third or fourth choice as of now, behind Caltech, MSU (for their honors college), and maybe UChicago) and still am not that big on Harvard. It just seems too preppy for me. I'm visiting Boston University tomorrow
That's why I didn't apply to any Ivies, lol.
Our dorm has an automatic door sign to look like it's complying with disability access laws but it's not even an automatic door.
I think I'm going to abuse the new features bernard has added. Thanks, bernard! EDIT: Is the highlight on top of spoiler supposed to be visible, or have I found a bug?
It's a bug that I have no way of fixing unless I come up with a tag that incorporates both the highlight and spoiler features.
Woohoo! Waitlisted at UMich- I thought I would be flat out rejected.
Happy Easter! Here we go.
You're a bit late...
"Subtle, but a good prank. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V-_O7nl0Ii0 You're great at this, bernard.

I still think that should've been the prank."
"To whoever decided on the ""prank"":



EDIT: Request overridden."
Logged on to find that even my signature was affected by April Fool's joke
"I can't even tell what the April Fool's Joke is this year???

Edit: Oh alright now I see it.

Edit: The Wiki page... not bad, not bad at all."
"Do people even look at this?

And before someone that doesn't regularly visit the forums comes and asks how to get to the normal main page, here (for those of you/us doing actually studying right now )"
What prank? Server space is a real issue.
The prank is still on... EDIT: No more prank. I'd like to thank the administrators for this dank prank.
TIL Harvard's internet slowed on February 01, 2016 because so many were trying to stream the Iowa Caucus...
That was a great April Fools prank! What April Fools prank?
Nothing happened on April Fools' Day ;-; (for me)
The longest single post I've seen on this forum
At the hotel for state right now. I fogot how annoying middle schoolers can be.
I see you're not on vacation or studying for AP World.
yep
"States reactions post!

Astronomy was first...horrible test! No DSOs, no exoplanet or planet formation stuff...disgrace.

EDIT: Had Fossils next, good test. I need more invertebrate anatomy diagrams.

Forensics only supplied four stations for powders, and didn't provide flame test equipment. I was the last to get to qualitative, but we did get to finish the test.

Now waiting for awards..."
I do all my studying in-school (vacation? ha)
Sorry to hear that :/. I've been called upon to help random places out for astro tests, but of course that can't be everywhere. It's too bad when places handle it...non-optimally. Hopefully everyone will at least find nats astro excellently interesting .
You all cannot possibly understand how depressed and lethargic I am right now. Meanwhile, my last tournament is in a week.
So basically Milton is no challenge to us?
Are you writing the test this year?
Well, scioly's hit the 1000 page mark for users!
Only a few away from 25,000.
Yeah, have fun in Menomonie. Then again, I'll likely be there anyway, lol.
"Well, I've written many tests this year...I will say multiple people (~5ish?) including me help make the nats astro test, so it should be pretty good I hope (and balanced in topics and all?). Last year I mostly did editing, but I guess you'll have to see whether I made an impact this year . Looking forward to hearing comments!

Also, I would like to point out that me and some others aren't the most consistent contributors as much as the nats supervisors (Donna + Tad) who have done it for quite a while and quite well of course themselves. Also, if this might lead to wondering whether I'm visiting to help out I'm thinking no this time around because WI is kinda far unless I can come up with easy transport, which is sadly unlikely. Next year I believe is at Wright State (?), though, so regardless of whether I help on an event directly or not I should be able to help volunteer! : DD"
Meow
Congratulations.
"last scioly tournament in less than a week and im feelin sentimental

its interesting that the current Anato/Physio systems are the same ones when as I was in 6th grade, doing SciOly for the first time.

;( ;( ;("
"I know dat feel. Would insert a meme, but I'm at school.

Interestingly enough, I'm doing events from all over my SO career: Forensics (like Crime Busters, started in 6th grade), EV (like Battery Buggy in 7th Grade), WIDI (started in 8th grade), Robot Arm (this year), and Wind Power (also this year, unless MagLev or CompMach counts as Physics Lab)."
My rubber-powered plane kit came today ^_^
"Just had my last SO practice. Ever.

But I spent most of it airhorning random teachers and students, eating (4.5) donuts, and laughing hysterically at random stuff!"
From what I've seen, this defines the majority of your official SO practices (and everyone else's too).
25000th account!!
I pop in about once every two months, and everything changes so much every time! Can't believe we are at 25k members.
































































































































































See, my school is from the same district as Beckendorff Junior High, and it's like 94% Indian, 6% Chinese there. Oh, and the gender diversity at my school is even worse- I am one of the three girls out of the 30+ people on my team.
FSA's gender diversity when I was there was rotating; 2014's 8th graders were ~75% male, 2015's 8th graders were ~90% female, 2016's 8th graders were ~65% male. This is probably just because the school is so small; with 30-50 people per grade, variations are a lot larger.
Picture of all of the people who were on the state team for FSA scioly: http://fultonscienceacademy.org/tag/ful ... -olympiad/
Nevermind, last year was closer to 80% male; most of my memories of that grade comes from when I was competing, when there were less males (or at least, less that seemed competent).
Oh wow, only 30-50 people per grade? Our school has an average of about 678 people per grade (there are 2035 people in the whole school). Seven Lakes High School (right next to my school) has almost 4000, so I've heard.
"On this topic, my senior year team was majority female and white at the beginning of the year. However, the state team was majority male and Indian.

But honestly, IT SHOULD NOT MATTER."
"1. Yes, my state team was majority male and Indian, too, except for me (I am female and Indian).
2. I know people's gender and ethnicity shouldn't matter here, but it's still interesting to notice this kind of stuff."
Probably the best part of chat tonight:
feeling reminiscent and regretful
Hey, you haven't posted for a while.
"It's not the early 2010s anymore

Welcome back. I remember your username, although besides that basically nothing else about you (tbh the only reason I remember your username is from reading all the NorCal threads one time; I usually don't read old Posting Games)."
I remember seeing aim4me26 in some old assassination.
"Hmmm, if California had as many Science Olympiad per unit population as North Dakota...it would have over 7,300 teams...

Oh North Dakota, u so crazy"
"But in comparison to the number of secondary schools in each state it's more like 2500 or so.

Sidenote: Archived forum posts per year are still on a declining trend, unless we somehow manage 600 more posts in the next two months. However, the rate of decrease is slower than in the past."
http://www.scioly.org/phpBB3/viewtopic. ... 64#p294764
Today I opened up my Wind Power box from state, just to discover that my assembly was broken. I am so sad.
Apparently you can use a VPN through California to get your AP scores if your state's haven't been released yet.
Yeah, I heard about this last year; a few of my more obsessive enthusiastic friends did it (and a few that weren't too). Tbh though I don't really care enough to go through the hassle; it's not like it changes anything to know three days earlier.
APs sound like something else altogether. I'm curious, would you say it's harder studying for an event or for an AP?
The science and math APs I think are strickingly similar to Scioly tests. Take a look at this AP chem test. It asks you questions in groups, and has you apply both math and concepts from different units in the same question. Maybe it's just me, but I think they're similar, which is why Scioly covers things AP doesn't (we have 'Chem Lab' but not 'Chem Test').
As long as you're prudent in your use of class time (by which I mean listen to the teacher when what they're saying is more helpful than individual studying, and study on your own when it's not) APs aren't that hard. Plus it's a lot easier to figure out the formula for a specific AP (they're all over the internet) than it is for a Scioly event.
You were a great competitor, Muscatel, and you really inspired us to step up our game! I will always remember watching you and thinking, "I want to be as good and as smart and as kind and as prepared them, I want to be able to compete against them and do well." You were always extremely talented competitors, and I could never, ever manage to beat you, no matter how many balsa bridges I made or how many formulas I memorized. What you did is extremely respectable, and your legacy will be carried on in division B for years and years to come. It will be impossible to live up to the things you have accomplished. We bid you farewell.
"What happened... are they cutting the team?!

Farewell, Muscatel. You were great, respectable competition at nationals and for many other teams at other tournaments."
Unfortunately, correct. They will not be competing any more, due to some logistical and personal reasons.
"Does this mean... WE WON'T HAVE INVITATIONALS THERE ANYMORE?!

Goodbye Muscatel. You were always a fantastic school to look up to during competitions. Your invitationals were always fun, amazing, and had such awesome awards ceremony to look forward to after a long day of competitions."
P.S. Pokemon Go is out and there's like 50 Zubats in my house. its gr8
Lucky, I gotta walk like 5 min before things spawn
I caught a Spearow while driving home from work today.
"I tried to start playing yesterday, but of course the site was down.

Btw, z, your avatar confuses me. It makes me think that Braviary is named Zyzzyva"
"Where exactly did you hear this?

oh no it's sewickley again..."
My head coach recieved an email from their head coach, and I confirmed it with my friends that go to muscatel. If you ask any SoCal B competitor, they would have most likely heard about it.
um...
Don't Pokemon and drive!
Pokemon Go while driving is actually a lot faster and more efficient. The only slight problem is it doesn't count as walking, so your eggs don't hatch that way.
A "sensored blattodea" thanks to a typo by ento:
Can someone please tell me why everyone is obsessed with Pokemon Go, and can someone explain it to me? That's the only thing that the guys in my Young Inventors' Summer Camp are talking about.
"Found this great LPT online: (spoiler because it's a bit big)
PICTURE (CLICK TO SHOW HIDDEN TEXT)"
"In a nutshell:

Pokemon Go is an orienteering/geocaching game, if you know what those are.

In the main series Pokemon games, you play as a trainer in a fictional region. You spend most of your time walking through the region, looking for new Pokemon, and challenging gyms to battles.

Pokemon Go essentially takes that and translates it into the real world. So people who have been playing Pokemon vicariously through this pixelated, third-person avatar finally get to be the main character. You walk around outside, trying to find new Pokemon yourself and challenging gyms, which are held by other players. All of the locations in the game correspond to real world locations -- generally ones that you know well around your neighborhood and town.

It is a wholly unique gaming experience. We've had nothing like it before. Ingress was the closest thing we've had (and what Pokemon Go was based off of), but Pokemon Go really takes it to the next level."
genius.
WHO CAN HELP ME WITH ADVICE FOR HOW TO WIN A NXT ROBOT TUG-A-WAR? I'M DOING THIS FOR A SUMMER SCHOOL PROGRAM.
I was watching the news the other night, and I found out that people were stumbling upon dead bodies, unconscious people, and criminals while playing Pokemon Go. I really should play it.
Yup. Apparently robbers are also luring people to pokestops and then getting them there, but that's happening at night (if you go in broad daylight nobody's gonna attack you). And a lot of the people who are getting injured, causing car accidents, etc. aren't paying attention to their surroundings
Honestly, I'm just surprised that no one's managed to lose their life to a Pokémon Go caused accident yet...at least from what I know.
Language learning milestones: watched my first full new movie in German (dub of Independence Day sequel) and understood almost the entire plot (based on reading the wikipedia synopsis after)!
"It's too early for this...

I've been page-protecting, tabbing, printing, and reorganizing binders this entire morning. I can't feel my hands anymore."
"^

I've been drafting stuff for the school's Div B invitational for the last hour. Probably will spend the rest of today on Dynamic Planet."
Heh, so I've had some old national disease detectives tests lying on the floor of my bedroom since a few days before states. I just went to pick them up and for the first time got a good look at how dusty/hairy they've gotten...
Highlight of tonight's chat:
Are highlights of tonight's chat a thing now? and I finally made it in one!
I think it's safe to say that Pokemon Go can now be classified as a highly addictive substance...
Hooray, finally have good wifi in the middle of urban nowhere UTK. To be blunt, it's like my class is chock full of tweens with respect to maturity levels. Someone has already been arrested at orientation if that is any indication.
Ouch.
"What happened to SOPomo's thread? My suspicion is that a mod accidentally deleted it while dealing with spam...
Edit: Yeah, it appears to be gone."
Interestingly many "unknown"(for me) users happened to be commenting on that thread... eh
205 days, 6 hours and 36 seconds until my next competition
Oh no! Is there a way to get it back?
109 days for me right now.
"RIP me, I guess. From what I gather from the clue, it has been known on IRC that I have a negative history with Air Trajectory. Also, I updated my sig and it contains a reference to Finding Nemo. Adding on to that, Panda Weasley thought of Finding Dory because of an ID clue of mine. And finally, I have made a post with the chemists son rhyme. I also did CJAP several times.

Sassy, I have never done Crime Busters or Forensics in my life. And that is what killed me."
Dangggg Sassy gets revenge from Assassination 108!
"Found this gem while browsing through a really old rocks and minerals binder:
LOOK AT THE DATE AND THE LOGO (CLICK TO SHOW HIDDEN TEXT)"
*whistles in approval* Wow.
"Pfft that wasn't even the old forums.
Scioly.org Wiki wrote:
Scioly.org started in 1998 and had about 10 members subscribed to it. Features included state pages, a question-and-answer panel, a Java chatroom, and even event pages that may have been the forerunners to the present wiki."
"Please, in my time we had an earth science teacher that revealed the ultimate nonsense way of remembering.

Syncline = s for smile / child sinning and smiling (thus it's a ""U"")
Anticline = Anti syn, so it's the opposite

Beat that. Luckily, Geomaps isn't in right now (I don't know whether to feel bad or good right now...it's strange), so I can reveal it haha!"
am I old now
I was in 6th grade at the time that was printed.
Remember when Your Daily Random Comment was actually this random?
ooooooooooooooooold
Yo does anyone here pen spin? I'm have trouble with the double charge and demon sonic (okay and probably every trick out there other than the charge, the sonic, twisted sonic, and thumbaround) but those two are the ones I'm most determined to get down. With the demon sonic I feel like my pinky is too short - there's like maybe a cm and a half of height difference between my pinky and ring finger so i'm having a very hard time doing a sonic starting with my pinky and ring finger.
Woah it's been a while.
That awkward moment when you realize that Magicarpmaster629 is a Pokemon reference.
Random Question for everyone: Does anyone know of anyone at Ursinus College?
I know absolutely no one there (nor have I heard of the college at all). Why?
dl gijljghstjhlnmcvbn lkfjhkfjdlgkjfhjs'dfhkjkhldsfgjshlkjkdjfghlkjslktjy;'slth
Dude, same.
Well, the coaches conference at Arizona and Caltech yielded some interesting results...
"What interesting results? Did you attend either?
Edit: If the rules are the interesting results, then I don't want to know."
"What results...(I'm not sure if it's a good or bad thing...)

Edit: Haha, Bernard and I posted at exactly the same time with a similar response..."
"My head coach went to both.

The rules are always interesting, but I was mainly talking about the fact that someone got in trouble with security."
I was there with a Scioly.org shirt!
Who?
I heard that someone brought their child even though they weren't supposed to at CalTech. The kid had to be sent home.
Well well, news travels fast.
Well Mindcrack UHC Season 25 has started... in 1.10 gah
Who won the Nationals Prediction Contest?
This is so great
"I lied and DS rawred at me."
LOL
kinda random but why is someone who just joined an admin
Check their profile and see whether they're actually in an admin usergroup. Name colors can be changed without making someone an admin.
They're not in an admin usergroup but are listed as Admin Emeritus and have the 6 stars...
What's the username? Everyone that's actually in the Admin Emeritus Usergroup has been there for several years.
Gecko_3
It appears to be unique to their school usergroup. It's probably either a glitch based on the team forum functionality or an admin messing with us.
I can take responsibility for that I was messing around with our school forum's settings and didn't realize that it showed up for people outside the forum. It should be back to normal now.
Just out of curiosity, how do you change your username color without being an admin?
Judging by Sensei_Sushi's post, a group leader can make changes within a group, so the same can be done within a team usergroup. The changes made apparently actually show up globally.
You don't
oh well
NICE NEW PROFILE PICTURE DRAGON_FRUIT35
Oh wow yes cute cat
wait that's a cat?
20
58
1027
"azuritemalachite wrote:
58
syo_astro wrote:
1027
...what?"
...whatever happened to your DAILY random comment?
I think I've done a pretty good job about spouting whatever is on my mind daily:
http://www.scioly.org/phpBB3/viewtopic.php?f=21&t=9436
excuse me. it is most definitely a cat and thanks Jasper and [NerdyTotoro]
"azuritemalachite wrote:
58 42
syo_astro wrote:
1027 42
42

There, that's better."
Tru ^^
Seeing to many naked statues is making me rethink my sexuality. Curse you, Michelangelo!
Bernie and Sensei_Sushi had a playdate: http://i.imgur.com/RbrUVIe.png.
Awkward moment when all the captains want to do the same event :/ and when we don't have tryouts...
Bro, that was supposed to stay confidential.
I was looking through this. Weather or Not is now on my list of sadly punniestly named scioly events. ;P
Bizaardvark sounds like a horrible ripoff of iCarly. Just putting that out there.
I'm surprised there isn't more Harry Potter hype on here considering the new book/play came out.
If anyone posts spoilers...
Random stuff.

bernard actually isn't a dog
WHAT my life is a lie
*pats dragonfruit* the truth hurts

"We currently have 9,172 ""useful"" posts (event and competition threads and question marathons) for this season. To meet last season's post count and reverse the downward trend of the forums we need 510 more useful posts before August 31

I see two ways to do this:

Everyone gets hyped for question marathons and starts studying really hard and makes useful content.

Or, we could do what we did last year...Illinois 2014 Wiki Illinois 2014!"
Shall we spam Illinois 2015?
...or we could hop on the Missouri 2016 thread and make a ton of "show me" puns.
*grumbles about not spamming*
Post in the Texas 2017 thread I made!

I hate being dead.
And now so does PandaWeasley.
Who dares kill Panda?

I did.
You aren't the only one.
You aren't the only one.
hwat... PERSON IS SASSY CONFIRMED?
Oh snap...
I AM TEH ASSASSINATOR
John Cena is a Vol! John Cena is a Vol!
THE THING GOT LOCKED AGAIN LOL.
What thing? Did that thread get unlocked and locked again?
Anyone remember RANDOM DANCING?
The new Illinois 2014 is now deleted?
And I missed it...
Whee! I'm flying in my dreams!
No thanks.
Are we going to make a new one?
I like potatoes! Potatoes are fun to play with!
Eloquently put samlan16, I couldn't agree more.
( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
This is why you don't anger the mods
I like fire! Fire is fun to play with!
I had orientation today and I heard someone say "I keep a coffee machine in my bathroom. I...I can't survive without it"
Has there always been a Re: in front of the subject? It's bothering me.
Yes it automatically appears in front of replies.
Pink fluff unicorns dancing on rainbows
*fluffy
meow
Hi, I'm back
highschool in a nutshell...
"Maybe it's just my personal experience, but I laughed when I saw the first two sentences of this paragraph:

the rest of the doc seems really good though."
This reminds me of Simple Machines at regionals in 2015. We finished the test in the first 20 minutes and checked our answers multiple times so while we were waiting for our device testing we studied for our next event which was Crave the Wave. It turned out that being as disorganized as we were we had a bunch of old CtW tests at the back of our Simple Machines binder that we could review. Although CtW started 10 minutes after Simple Machines ended, we could walk out after device testing and had enough time to eat in between too. Needless to say, we got all the written questions correct and got first at both regionals and state.
You weren't at the state tournament though... I'm so confused.
Do your worst, mods!
You sure you really want that?
...
"Sorry Ento
What I meant to say was that we got first at regionals and he got first at state. But of course, being the slightly insane person I am I missed a phrase in the sentance."
please say yes please say yes please say yes
"He" meaning your event partner right?
Yes
When will the new sassy game start??? (btw, there should be an assassination based on the Hunger Games)
Whenever the new sassy thinks of a good theme.
The new theme should be the Hunger Games.
The new theme should be Rio Olympics.
There already is an assassination based on the hunger games. #94. A good read, although a bit un eventful for my taste.
"I actually PMed Fluffy having a theme in mind, way back when 107 ended.

I think it should be Rio based as well."
That's up to Sassy...
Meow.
"If I continue at this rate, I'll become broke. (I already am but thats not the point.)

The sad but somewhat satisfying moment when you spend $200 on Balsa wood. Oops? #sciolyproblems"
How much Balsa wood did you buy...?
Not even that much (Okay i bought a lot) But it was mostly because of the density picker.
"Why am I always killed in Sassy games when I am without wifi?
EDIT: I'm back btw in case anyone missed me."
"Welcome back Panda!
I'm in China now"
Thanks Jasper! I hope you have an awesome time in China. I've always wanted to go. If you see any of my fuzzy relatives say hey to them for me!
"Science Olympiad at MIT has an account now. Thsi makes me thin kthat a) the 2017 tournament announcement is going to be coming out very soon now, and b) Luo is not very involved anymore (< sad face if true. liked his speeches)

Edit: Also, the website is currently offline in preparation for next year."
Can confirm it is a legitimate account.
USA! USA! USA!
Did we do that winning thing again? I haven't been paying much attention.
"Glad you liked my speeches I'm still around, but I'll be working on the tournament in a strictly advisory capacity this year. I intended to make the transition from a lead operational role to an advisory role last year, but duty called and I ended up doing a bit more than I had expected. From the very beginning of Science Olympiad at MIT, we planned to have a new tournament director every year to ensure that new ideas would surface and that the organization would be sustainable in the long-term (not dependent on any individual person). This year, the incredibly dedicated Katie Shade, a member of last year's tournament planning committee, will be stepping up into a co-director role along with my great friend and classmate Stephen Tang. The tournament is in extraordinarily capable hands.

As I'm sure you saw, the 3rd annual MIT Science Olympiad Invitational Tournament will be on Saturday, January 21, 2017. We hope to see you there! Fingers crossed for no blizzard this year."
Never been prouder than when I saw Simone and Aly on that stage. Props to them for winning gold and silver:)
Don't forget Michael Phelps
And Ryan Lochte, Conor Dwyer, Katie Ledecky, Nathan Adrian, Missy Franklin... the list goes on.
"Okay, I'm really confused...my username is currently ""Magikarpmaster926"" instead of ""Magikarpmaster629""

Would a kind mod help please?"
Uh, Franklin and Lochte weren't exactly that good. And never forget young Ryan Murphy kicking Olympic butt.
Ugh. He's so annoying and such a poor winner! I'd much rather we lose in his events then have him represent the US. Although I guess is better than if Trump won 20 golds...
My mom is a huge fan of Trump and Michael Phelps.
Ryan Murphy is a great winner!
"Aww, I love phelps. I thought it was kinda funny actually how he reacted to his medaling.


On the other hand, I can't wait for all of the Women's events finals! Kocian has really good uneven bar routines and form, and she'll probably take gold in that event with Mustafina and Douglas battling it out for silver and bronze. Vault for women's is a wild card ( the money's on Simone honestly) with a ton of competitors doing the Amanar and the Cheng vaults, so the variation isn't too high. Simone got the highest in qualifications with a 16.000 and 16.100, but her score hasn't been as high during team finals and all around finals, and if it keeps decreasing, there won't be a clear winner. Floor has always been Raismans strong suit, but Simone has beaten her everytime in competition this year so floor finals should be rather interesting. Beam could be anywhere between Biles and Hernandez."
I was in highschool... Competing in SO...
Let's say that I'm bad at Sassy games. First chance at being officer = dies next round. Thought about self protecting but decided it was too selfish. Sorry about being such a poor replacement Jasper_Kota. Oh, well. Got some suspects now.
You can always PM me with your insight daydreamer. I'm not letting you die in vain!
Aw no I didn't expect it to be you at all, daydreamer since we just made the replacement
Sassies are ruthless. Just sayin'
True. Thanks. I wasn't expecting it to be me either - I've never been targeted before.
“I was born with the devil in me,' [Holmes] wrote. 'I could not help the fact that I was a murderer, no more than the poet can help the inspiration to sing.” That should have been my sig in game 108. It fits so perfectly
"The amount of parents (and students!) asking ""Does Science Olympiad look good on college apps?"" is ridiculous. You're in middle school. Chill. And second of all, if you're doing scioly for the sole purpose of having a good college app, you're in it for the wrong reason.

This just goes to show the awful team culture my school has outside the A team. I find that the people who actually make the best team always care about the team results more than their individual results or concerns."
If one puts something on one's college app from middle school, one should probably be doing more in high school.
This was my problem moving up to C last year. Most of Varsity was doing it for college apps and were not at all committed. As a result my coach did not take the team to state despite getting first at regionals.
Personally, I joined SciOly for the heck of it. Then I got addicted. My advice is to do things because you actually enjoy doing them. If you get good enough, then you can put it on college apps.
Dude that situation happened so many times while I was advertising for my school's Science Olympiad team during school registration.
"Note that just because someone joins Science Olympiad for the ""wrong reasons"" (college apps, doesn't like science, needs an extracurricular to do just because) doesn't mean they'll always be one of the unmotivated people (just ask Z!)

In general though, I agree; most of the people that are doing it for college apps will never really put anything in, or get much out of it."
"Ouch. I have to say though, at my school, the kids who do it for college apps are usually on one of the two JV teams. Don't get me wrong, I know a couple of quite motivated JVs, but that's where most of the people who do it for the apps tend to be. As for the Varsity team, there are probably people who do it for the apps on there too, but most of them work hard, albeit last minute. One person I knew skipped school for a day just to test bridges before states. Well.

I never really did it for the apps, I do it for the chance to learn and test myself."
According to the national site, Rules Clarifications is being renamed to Rules Changes (see the Quicklinks box). It'll be tough to change what I instinctively type... (although I get the reasoning behind the change).
I like this change. Clarifications is easily confused with FAQs.
Wow The Stanley Parable is an awesome game. It's hilarious, but I've also been mind blown like five times, I recommend people play it. Even though it costs 15 dollars >.> (too bad the steam summer sale is over) I still have 11 possible routes left though... Can't wait to see what's in store
Is there actually any rule between only being able to participate in one division? Asking for a friend Oh who am I kidding
It's usually state-dependent.
"Nah, it's in the national team qualification policy.

That being said, I don't think there is anything holding you back from, say if you competed in C at a couple of invites and for regionals you compete on your B team instead of your C team."
That's what I meant about it being state-specific (had to go eat so didn't have time to elaborate). For example, Georgia does not enforce this for invitationals, but does do so for Regionals and State.
"Sooooo, I dropped in to pose a question to the super nerds, and I realized that I'm ahead of the board turnover. Happy 2017, folks...

Actually, what the heck? I'll post it here just in case and transplant it once the time arrives. Materials Science:
I'm looking for print textbook (I have a digital one already that I received years ago, not my preferred means to work with) recommendations (have one in my Amazon cart but want to know if anybody has any they like first before I order it) and some guidance on laboratory activities. There was discussion some time ago that the activities suggested by Lin W. were not really on target with the concepts. I'm not entirely clear where to turn next (as introductory lab manuals probably involve equipment that neither I nor most tournament sites will have), and I have a chemistry background. Biology and earth science folks are probably nigh clueless on this one."
Recently learned that there are three chalkers involved with soinc. I've never been so confused in my life, not even when we were given a medicine to ID at an invasive competition.
"There's actually four

chalker runs scoring at Nationals, and was previously an event supervisor for It's About Time
chalker7 runs Helicopters/Wright Stuff/Elastic Launched Glider at Nationals
Another brother was one of many event sups for Mission Possible at Nationals this year (and iirc he ran the Roller Coaster trial last year)
And the mom is the 2013 and 2017 National Tournament Director"
I see you haven't heard of the fifth and sixth chalkers...
mind blown
They all live together in a giant yellow box labelled "Crayola"
"Not entirely sure whether you're joking, but if not, I'm fairly certain these people aren't involved in SO nationally.

Sidenote:"
Oh, what's this? The image source reveals a neat article written by a current Scioly member in 2001. That's enough stalking for today.
Looks like the hide icon changed...huh...
Good observation, I updated the appearance for the BBCode.
I haven't been on in months. What did I miss?
"Certainly not the National Prediction Contest Results.

/me nudges bernard"
On my list for this weekend. But will it happen this weekend? Probably not.
"Certainly not rollover

/me nudges bernard"
"/me rolls

Rollover has been delayed by another week."
"Somehow I ended up looking at my google+ ""people you might know"" list. 1/3 FSA, 1/3 Chattahoochee (mostly Science Olympiad), 1/3 other Science Olympiad.

2/3 Science Olympiad"
Like Cheesy Pie, I've also not been on in months. Anything I miss, other than the predictions?
there's A person too
Ask me about rollover.
"Bernard likes to rollover and smush cockroaches for bear.

WAIT PERSON IS AN EXALTED MEMBER?"
"Yeah, eight new exalts have been raised*

*by which I mean they have successfully tamed a wiki/forum velociraptor"
Velociraptor...makes me think of fossils...
OOH CONGRATS PERSON YOUR FATHER IS PLEASED.
~250 posts until we surpass last year.
"Woo, this is so exciting! I'm so honored lol

I HAVE BROUGHT HONOR TO THE FAMILY"
What will it take me to make my father proud?
Yay for my parents not being stereotypically asian (else my grades would be disappointing)
Huh. Apparently I'm exalted.






































































































































































































































[bonbon]So bernard: what causes this to break the homepage?[/bonbon]
[bonbon]...the home page is annoying me... [/bonbon]
[bonbon]good [/bonbon]
[bonbon]Person, I can tell that you take pleasure in other people's suffering...[/bonbon]
[bonbon]What makes you say that?[/bonbon]
...
[bonbon]I like how you forgot to use the font, texas. I edited it for you. [/bonbon]
Bernard deleted the font
rip colourful homepage.
where is bernard...
Wasn't me, must've been one of the other dictators.
Well I missed something...
"Joke's on you guys, I didn't visit the site a single time while the font was allegedly active.

#justsemiretiredadminthings"
...sure...
Then shall we reactivate it?
Go ahead!
[bonbon]I shall wait for the reactivation.[/bonbon]
"We're doing the egg drop project in physics tomorrow...

http://i.imgur.com/lqiYy79.jpg

Disclaimer: not my design."
Suure John
I've always wondered how effective a jar of peanut butter would be.
Egg drops can be effectively done by sticking it in a cornstarch-water-mixture-thingy in a bag.
Oooh! That sounds fun!
Wait is that basically Rotor Egg Drop for plebs?
The point of Rotor Egg Drop is for no protection on the egg. Just sayin'!
Teams come out tomorrow...
You're going to make it. If not, just curl into a dead trilobite.
Hope you made it!!!!
GOOD LUCK! I still have 2 weeks to wait...
Throwback to when robotman wasn't the grumpy, old mod... too bad you didn't have any personal spell-checkers then.
"I MADE THE TEAM!!
The B team.

Although I'm pretty satisfied as freshman aren't allowed to make the A team."
"THIS CALLS FOR A

PARTYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY"
YASSS I KNEW YOU COULD DO IT CONGRATS!!!!
I have the Butterbeer!
Then I'll bring FREE RANGE LEECHES MADE WITH THE BEST GELATIN ON EARTH?
"IRC party!

/me orders Virtual Pizza"
That sad moment when your school blocks IRC.
Have you tried a separate IRC client like Chatzilla?
Not non-GMO? You monster
"I actually haven't. To be honest I could probably find a way around the filter, but I'm too lazy to try.

Note to Self: Don't let AP students chose how much a quiz-test-thing and each question is worth after showing them their scores."
"COOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOGRAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAATSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS

ENTOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO"
FTFY
disclaimer: am not clarinetist
Typos: the struggle is real
WHEN YOUR FOOD TASTES GOOD TO YOU BUT YOU TASTE GOOD TO YOUR FOOD.
To my dirty 7th grade mind, "WHEN YOUR FOOD TASTES GOOD TO YOU BUT YOU TASTE GOOD TO YOUR FOOD" sounds really wrong...
And to think of it, I'm also in 7th grade and
"Do you not have that one friend who like ruins everyone's innocence and makes them interpret things in a dirty-minded way??? (I'm usually that friend )

EDIT: Oh, and in memory of samlan16 ... ""I like potatoes! Potatoes are fun to play with!""

EDIT 2: Omg, that sounds incredibly wrong..."
But I am...
"Wrong Texas.

In reminding of trolling mods... ""I like potatoes! Potatoes are fun to play with!"""
Please refrain from discussing politics and religion on the forums.
"By ""trolling mods"" I assume you mean EAST...

EDIT:
bernard wrote:
[NerdyTotoro] wrote:
texas wrote:

Do you not have that one friend who like ruins everyone's innocence and makes them interpret things in a dirty-minded way??? (I'm usually that friend )

EDIT: Oh, and in memory of samlan16 ... ""I like potatoes! Potatoes are fun to play with!""

EDIT 2: Omg, that sounds incredibly wrong...
Wrong Texas.

In reminding of trolling mods... ""I like potatoes! Potatoes are fun to play with!""
Please refrain from discussing politics and religion on the forums.
oh sorry bernard is this about the whole east and samlan and clinton thing

EDIT: Bernard are you dirty-minded?"
what a great topic to discuss on the forums
I'm more dirty-lunged from breathing laser cutter exhaust all day...
"Why are we editing so much?

Bernard is a bit immature... *cough*"
Is there a biomarker for puberty so we know when if I'm done?
Yes. When you're 100x older than bearasauras.
Celtic music is fantastic for doing hw. imo, anyway.
No.
Well, bernard claims he is 19, so I'm assuming that he is a bit immature...
"I'm like 2 pages late now, somehow- but CONGRATS!

imnotgonnamakeittho"
"Yes you are making it. [bonbon]does this still work[/bonbon]

OOOH LOOK WHAT HAPPENS WHEN YOU DO BONBON."
[bonbon]woahhhh[/bonbon] wow yeah
"When AP Spanish actually kills you.

I'm dead now."
"Pat pat pat

[bonbon]it's okay[/bonbon]"
[bonbon]really?[/bonbon]
"Testing 1 2 3
[bonbon]Test... 1, 2, 3...[/bonbon]"
"bernard is our lord and saviour!

ST. BERNARD https://im1.shutterfly.com/ng/services/ ... 15/enhance"
"long

live

the

king"
z go to sleep... or should I say St. zyzzyva980?
Arizona has as many Div B invitationals as Illinois
bernard is emperor?
"I only have one copy of my precious cheat sheet from a year ago. The soft copy got deleted from everything I own, suspiciously...

Well I knocked over my poor hydroflask and guess what the water spilled on???

My precious cheat sheet.

I'm glad I page protect all my stuff."
"That was NOT. ME.

Sigh."
*patpat* But you are a troll sometimes ...
East: http://static.comicvine.com/uploads/ori ... ternet.jpg
Huh. Today is my account's second birthday.
heh, my first forum-birthday was over a month ago...
"I have the exact same 3 events as an upperclassman on the A team.

bye bye state algorithm"
"...

WHERE DOES THAT UPPERCLASSMAN LIVE. I'LL BRING BEAR TO EAT HIM. MAYBE SOME EXTRA HYDROFLUORIC ACID TO DESTROY THE EVIDENCE."
"All of my friends are doing productive things while I'm studying.

Hahahaha literally my life."
Honestly, being an upperclassmen doesn't exactly mean that you shouldn't think that you don't have a chance. I was a freshman on Varsity last year. How well that went was another story...but then again my state isn't too competitive, but it's pretty competitive at my school.
bernard is king dictator
[bonbon]what has happened now[/bonbon]
lol more spam accounts popped up again
This one has been around for a while: http://www.scioly.org/phpBB3/memberlist ... le&u=12598.
was always suspicious of that guy
"this one too
http://www.scioly.org/phpBB3/memberlist ... le&u=25467"
Hold up. Do you actually have an algorithm which picks the best team combination?
you never know about mods...
"Dang the bots are even more intelligent. They can pinpoint who the other bots are!

Now on a more random note, SOMEONE SAVE ME FROM THE DESPAIRS OF PACKING."
"I have a few(ish) random questions.
1) What do you consider ""doing SciOly""? Is coaching, and not competing, still considered doing SciOly?
2) How does one teach simple things to the little children they're coaching without getting annoyed at how little they know?
I never appreciated how much effort my coaches put in until now..."
"1) Depends on the context. If you're in high school and you say you're doing Scioly, I'll assume you're competing. If you're in college and you say you're doing Scioly, I'll assume you're volunteering, running tournaments. If you're a parent and you say you're doing Scioly...
2) Understanding and patience. Perhaps you were once the little child who knew so little until an adult or peer was patient enough to help you. Teaching can be as exciting for teachers as learning can be for learners. I'm too tired to type more."
School spirit... yay?
I'm exhausted as it is, yet I wish I had decided to continue my 4 event streak. Having only 3 events feels so...unnatural.
"Recently realized that lip-synch screaming angsty High School Musical songs to my AP Bio homework probably isn't considered normal. Oops?
Once a Wildcat...always a Wildcat."
I'm currently in 6 events. The idea of having only 4 sounds lovely... I've dedicated 25% of my time to school work and 75% to SciOly. I'll probably regret this.
Tryouts are coming up and I have 4 events to do. One I'm still cheatsheet building, another I'm studying the study part while trying not to fail the build, third I'm still building and the fourth I'm winging. There are better candidates for people the fourth event anyhow. And applications. And homework. And extracurriculars. Could someone please replace me on the Sassy game?
When your brother feels the need to retake a test (in AP Physics C) just because he got a 98... Indian mentality
hey I mean I retook the ACT when I got a 35
...
"Lol. He wanted to retake the ACT but my parents won't let him... I suppose if he doesn't get a 1600 on the SAT he will throw a fit.
Just out of curiosity, did you get a 36 the second time?"
"I actually got 36 on my third try. My first was 34, and my second was the 35.

I did, however, get a 1600 SAT on the first try. (It was a 2350 overall, because this was back in the 2400 times, but on today's scale it'd be a 1600)"
wow z you must be so smart
No one liked the writing section anyway... good riddance. (Better riddance would be getting rid of the entire SAT, but that's not terribly likely.)
"ty 4 noticing
AlphaTauri wrote:
No one liked the writing section anyway... good riddance.
yeah it was terrible who would want to be a writer for a living anyway

definitely not me that's for sure"
"Of course not

My school is now on a (very weird) block schedule for two days. Because reasons."
On early dismissal days we have this thing called "Fun Food Friday" where our school orders like a gazillion pizzas from Papa Johns and chicken sandwiches from Chick Fil A, and they buy like a jillion sodas and gatorades and SO MUCH CANDY, and then students buy this overpriced stuff for lunch- one pizza is $15. Our school can spend money on this but not on funding for science olympiad like >.>
CAs new nutrition laws would never in a million years let us do that...
Wow I feel sorry for you Californians... tbh during school I survive on junk food that I sneak out of the teachers lounge
Today I found out that my weighted GPA for science classes is a 105.5
What is your schools GPA scale?
I have no idea; I don't know much about how the whole GPA thing works.
That looks like a 100-point scale (my HS did it the same way). It's literally just averaging grades, with some weighting -- maybe 1.1x -- for certain classes. Though GPA in high schools is always screwy, since there are so many ways of doing it, so it's hard to actually compare them meaningfully.
I know we get seven points added for some classes as a weight, but I'm not entirely sure which ones (regardless my unweighted science grades were mostly 95's with one 98, so I'm not sure exactly how it works).
"And I thought my school was weird with regard to grades...

I skipped junior year today- it was surprisingly easy. All of a sudden I feel super relatable to the stuff Samlan said last year."
"That sounds even more confusing than ours! I'm pretty sure we have a 4 point scale, but APs are 5. I might be wrong though, the whole GPA thing confuses me as well.
Magikarpmaster629 wrote:
And I thought my school was weird with regard to grades...

I skipped junior year today- it was surprisingly easy. All of a sudden I feel super relatable to the stuff Samlan said last year.
There's not really a point to skipping grades at my high school, so I didn't realize that was a thing until you said that! Haha! What's that process like?
There are only a few classes at my school that are limited to certain grades (really just the AP pairs, but there are a few electives as well), so you can take the ""senior level"" math as a freshman if you so desire (and have the pre-reqs)."
Crash Course is making a Human Geography course the year after I take it. WHY DIDN'T I HAVE THIS LAST YEAR!!!
Aww! That sucks. I didn't even realize that schools offered an AP about games until they made the course. It looks interesting, I might watch it for fun at some point when I have time.
There is no AP games, they just wanted to make an informative course. They also have one on intellectual property, and I think some other topics that are not related to AP.
"This is [NerdyTotoro]'s Science Olympiad partner. She fell off a cliff on Tuesday, October 11 during a science field trip she participated in. She has left a loving coprolite, many annoyed mods, and several friends. May she rest in peace.
jk Nerdy is alive and well annoying the people in her camp"
We are FINALLY having our first meeting next Wednesday. HYPE
"Im so confused...do you mean skipped a grade level? Or just a course for that particular grade?? sorry for being a smol freshie


[NerdyTotoro] wrote:
loving coprolite"
"andddddd I'm back.

Thanks rgandhi2002 for using my account."
Eyyy welcome back!
Skipped a grade level. I'm now a senior, and I'm graduating in may, whereas if I hadn't I'd be graduating next year.
GOODNESS GRACIOUS. This means ur missing out on one full year of competing...but to each their own!!! So many smart people on this website...
Yeah, I'm sad about that...but I'd be moving to a school without a Scioly team anyway, so I might as well graduate so I can volunteer for Scioly instead.
"""using""...
Hey I had your consent and I was explicitly told to post that...
And anyways I didn't even use it until this afternoon lol."
My mom didn't let me skip an entire grade, she only let me skip one math course so far, so now, as a seventh grader, I'm in Algebra 1.
I'm strongly against skipping entire grades. You may be academically ready to move forward, but you probably aren't physically or socially ready, and those aspects are important, too. School isn't just about academic learning, nor will the rest of your life be entirely academic, either. IMO, it's preferable to negotiate a more rigorous courseload instead of skipping an entire grade, if you can. I know everyone's situation is different, but what's the hurry?
You have a point, I have a friend who's a grade ahead of me. He skipped 3rd grade, so he's supposed to be in 7th grade with me. I don't think his maturity has still recovered.
You were using my account in a way. Too bad you didn't troll people that much.
TROLOLOLOLOLOL
Imagine what Andy Hamm's logistical sorcery could do at Carmel:
All hail the mighty Andy Hamm!
What scale is that?? That is a large school...
Boyceville is tiny, especially when it's filled to the brim with people. I wonder if last year was a record.
It's about 100 feet per 1 inch; the text that says "Carmel Bands" in the bottom right is about 80 feet long (Carmel apparently has a student population of over 5,000).
Yeah, Carmel is... huge. Has nearly twice the population of Chesterton HS
"Dear samlan16,
Since we can't PM you anymore, I would like to thank you for your gr8 updated profile and trollings you did. The troll face and interests are on point.

-Sincerely a user who might get banned because of this post."
To be honest, you probably increased your likelihood of getting banned by including that last sentence, from "no chance" to "slim chance".
"-_-

All hail EastStroudsburg13!"
I can tell you are saying it against your will and your true allegiance lies with Saint Bernard.
[bonbon]fine[/bonbon]
"I support Nerdy and Samlan! Overthrow East!

EDIT; Oh, and East? If you tried to get rid of Samlan's userpage completely, it didn't work [[ http://scioly.org/wiki/index.php/User:Samlan16 ]]"
"Shoutout to the Physics Committee for putting up the event checklists so early!

/me goes to attempt to make checklists for tech events"
And what makes you think he tried to do that?
You can ask nerdy or East. They'll tell you.
hwat
Mfw the Falcons just lost, scioly placement tests are this week, and my stoichiometry test is on Tuesday.
The ordering is very indicative of your valuation of those items
Huh?
Person wants to know about the incident involving Samlan and East that you told me about on chat
I didn't do that. I don't know why you keep accusing me of things like this. I'm starting to lose my patience with it.
Person also wants to know why people are assuming things that he wants to know
rgandhi2002 thinks talking in 3rd person is fun
East isn't that bad texas...
"The edit history shows that Samlan did the removal.

Sidenote: Not trying to accuse anyone, but can admins change the data on who an edit is attributed to?"
"Hey East I wasn't accusing you of anything, I'm just saying what Nerdy told me. Oh, and I know it was Samlan's fault, she said something offensive...

(everything I know about this came from Nerdy)

EDIT: Ok guys, now let's move on and talk about something nice like rainbows or unicorns"
oh no...
SCIOLY PICKUP LINES ARE LIFE
WELL, THE FOSSILS PICKUP LINE IN YOUR SIGNATURE SURE REMINDS ME OF SOMETHING... (CLICK TO SHOW HIDDEN TEXT)
"So apparently our team is trying to collaborate with LASA for tryout tests...I hope they take us seriously...

Somewhat unrelated, what's the final date for submitting captain's tryouts?"
"This weekend

It looks like they ended it a bit early - the form says the submission deadline has passed - so nevermind the previous date I said."
why 'oh no'
I've been writing equations all into standard form when I just have to write them as point-slope form
Are you taking Algebra 1, because we just finished that topic in math last week.
Curriculum's are not always the same.
lol in math, the principal just decides to teach us units on Imaginary numbers. Even though the basics are in the curriculum, he's teaching us stuff like converting to polar form and graphing in the 4th dimension. Then, he decides to give us all a test, which I failed. Oops...
Whoa what school do you go to??? o.O
read the location section
Ahhh ok I feel stupid now
What school do you go to, texas?
Seven Lakes Junior High
"I don't think you get it

it's in your sig"
What school do you go to, Unome?
Which events have you done, Person?
What's your medal count, NerdyTotoro?
What division do you compete in, Unome?
"Obligatory PSAT post about the Preliminary SAT:
(A) NO CHANGE
(B) post about the Preliminary SAT
(C) PSAT post
(D) PSAT post, about the Preliminary SAT"
Guess what I took today.
I would select option (B). Because the audience may not be familiar with the PSAT, you shouldn't use the abbreviation on first reference. Write out "Preliminary SAT." There is no need to include "PSAT," as it is redundant. Therefore, (B) is the best answer.
Guess what this is?
"I had a student lick my halite sample.

I'm scarred forever."
Sodium chloride? *wince*
I shouldn't have told them that halite is used to season fries.
My friend licked halite in competition to identify it. I guess that he wasn't quite sure until he licked it.
Haha my Earth Science teacher just said Rocks and Minerals is probably the blandest and most boring unit we'll do
My coach recently said that if you were good at 7TH GRADE SCIENCE you should be fine to do dynamic planet.
"Not on my test

tbh though my Captains Tryouts test isn't really that hard (or at least it's easier than the other CT tests, but I think I got the difficulty about right)"
Well, I wrote something like a poem in German and it is vaguely similar to the poem we were assigned to imitate...
I know a few of y'all were apprehensive about the PSAT, so I sure hope this was none of you
"took extreme measures to exit the building"
If any R&M gurus could look at my post in the R&M study event thread, that would be great.
Crap that only happens in Walmart: http://www.nj.com/passaic-county/index. ... th_article
welp, I'm headed to the second round of Scioly tryouts... but freshmen don't usually get on the team
My coach finally got the handbook
That's okay - you've got this! Don't overstress yourself and study hard - you'll probably do just fine.
"GO DRAGON GO! YOU CAN DO IT!

Just gonna casually deposit this here for your viewing pleasure. Just when I thought the song couldn't get any better. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LRP8d7h ... ploademail"
Just watched it - and SAME!
"I love all parts of this site so much!

It looks like the quizzing has the events from two years ago listed..."
All hail St. Bernard...
ALL HAIL
"* https://im1.shutterfly.com/ng/services/ ... 15/enhance (image is too big )

ALL HAIL"
That is one big 'ol doggo...
not gonna lie, the St. Z image needs more play around these parts.
"Fine since you liked it.

ALL WORSHIP ST. Z https://im1.shutterfly.com/ng/services/ ... 10/enhance (image is yet too big since it needs to hold all of the saint's holiness)"
"4 words:

Science Olympiad black market."
ey kid ya want some balsa?
Iconic post by quizbowl
"yay you get the reference! (although I suppose it'd be hard not to, since it's in the sig of a few thousand posts)

Edit: My life for the last 1.5 hours:
Finish my AP CompSci work
Take a Microbes test for tryouts
Do math work (understanding the last three days of lecture)
Grade a Hydrogeology tryouts test
Tie one shoelace
Grade a Rocks and Minerals tryouts test
Print my AP CompSci work just before I go to AP CompSci
Tie the other shoelace"
GUYS! I MADE IT!!! no team assignments or event placings tho
CONDRAGONLATION (haha) DRAGON_FRUIT35! WE ARE VURY PROUD OF YOU
HURRAY! CONGRATS!
YAY!!! CONGRATSSS!!!!!
Nice job Dragon_Fruit35! ;D
Sounds like there will be another party in IRC! Congrats, dragon_fruit35!
"CONDRAGOLATIONS!!!
[NerdyTotoro] wrote:
CONDRAGONLATION (haha) DRAGON_FRUIT35! WE ARE VURY PROUD OF YOU
Darn. I was too late."
I'M BRINGING THE LEECHES JELLY
I'm in Boston!
"What are you doing there?

Off-Topic Random: Spent four hours over the last two days writing schedules for the first two tournaments (we'll probably have finished by the end of lunch today though). Pls guys appreciate your captains and coaches."
http://igem.org/Main_Page
I'm super late but CONGRATS CONGRATS
"Synthetic jamboree! WEAR A CLOWN MASK ON HALLOWEEN.

EDIT: I'll go to your funeral and scatter your ashes on the mods' food."
Why
"^ see conversation above...

On a more random note, should I be a death eater or a mad scientist for Halloween?"
You should be a clown The whole clown situation is why they banned us from wearing our Halloween costumes on Monday
When you go on the old boards and see the longest yeah boy ever...
"Not even 15/90 people are willing to go to one lil Invitational

my team is testing me"
Want a time-turner?
Death eater.
When it's the day before October 31st and you have no idea if you're going trick-or-treating and if you are what you'll be...
"Me. Although luckily I can grab one of the many Harry Potter costumes I have amassed over the years.

Side note: I'm going to the FBAWTFT release with two of my friends and we're being Hedwig, Pigwidgeon, and Errol. Is it weird that I am really really excited about this?"
"AIJS HIUHAOH FISUDH AIP LUCKY

My wand is finished. Time to draw the dark mark on my arm!"
/me can't help but think of the old article from The Onion about Harry Potter...
Please tell me it's this one:
Happy acceptable time to carve Cucurbita pepo day!
Flying above Michigan. Hi John!
;_;
"Forever not noticed.

RIP"
"Done with midterms!!!
I'm going to need a lot of bubble tea to recover from this.

Edit: Just remembered that I have to make two 20 station tests for Rocks & Invasive and the headache is back."
/me gives Entomology 100 servings of bubble tea.
Wow, midterms already?
"SAMEEEEEE
Obscure biology test questions at their finest
/me sobs in a corner"
Perks of an accelerated quarter system
Did someone say bubble tea? I want bubble tea.
Mango Green tea with lychee jelly and tapioca pearls:))
im literally so in love with hamlet.....!!!
SHE'S ACTIVE!
Anyone - thoughts on whether Fermi Questions is likely to return next year? (by which I mean actual serious discussion, not fandoming)
I don't exactly know if this helps or anything-- but in CA, the SoCal state director swapped game on out for fermi, and so did all the regionals directors. So now fermi is here in place of game on at all tournaments in SoCal. I don't know what prompted this, but maybe fermi is making a come back soon...?
Fermi confermied!
Roughly 16,500 total posts on Scioly.org within the last year. 45% General Chat, 55% useful.
mind eruption entropy super help muzzle search
much bot-like. very confused.
Thanks for the report, [NerdyTotoro]! I've banned the user's account.
hi i am 29 yr old woman in indiana i need coaching help with we've got dynamic mission tournament
I received two emails like this this week. That's two many.
Poor Indiana.
That pun. Yes.
"This is why you're a saint.

(#feelthebern)"
That was the best pun I've seen all year... +1
"I'd like to leave this here:

Credits to Sensei_Sushi."
"We need one based on Hillary. Don't think we have one.

OI SUSHI"
Aw yissssss
"Good News: The site's back up.

Bad News: Robotman is leaving"
What?
Looks like the function for changing your signature is...removed...?
Looks like... there is no signature...?
Thanks for the updates; we now have a dedicated thread under Feedback for the server transition: http://scioly.org/phpBB3/viewtopic.php?f=25&t=9995. (And I think it counts for useful posts!)
"Yay, the site is back up!

Moment of ultimate sketchiness: when you go for a walk in your neighborhood and you find...a squirrel tail. No blood, no body. Just the tail. You reason that you could use it for Forensics because you need some samples of hair anyways. You go home, get a couple plastic bags and pick it up, hoping that no one saw anything."
It's merely 10 and I'm already so tired
It's called daylight saving time
It's called the end of Daylight Savings Time.
Successfully taught dimensional analysis to a 5th grader
"I didn't know where else to put this, but some of the event pages on the wiki need a ton of updating (e.g, Reach for the Stars, which I've been working on), so it would be great if people started updating those pages.

EDIT: Trump is currently winning the election, 53% to 44%. He has 24 electoral votes so far, and Hillary has 3 electoral votes.

EDIT 2: However, I must point out that we are still waiting on results from several Democratic strongholds.

EDIT 3: Ok, it just went down to 50% Trump, 47% Hillary because of Florida."
"Am I the only person that finds this font at the top a bit...cheesy much
THE CURSIVE... (CLICK TO SHOW HIDDEN TEXT)"

Looks like maybe a lucida font?
Not sure, it's called cursive. I was testing files.
...bonbon returns?!?...
"Oh no...

[bonbon]sigh[/bonbon]"
Trump's President-Elect, I'll see y'all across the border.
It's unlikely, but the electoral college hasn't voted yet. Who knows, maybe some will vote differently than the state.
I'm starting SciOly in Canada. Who's with me?
I think you might be underestimating the difficulty of establishing a Science Olympiad chapter organization...
Gosh darn it people, stop making such a big deal about it Trump just says things he doesn't necessarily mean to say, if he kept his mouth shut, more people would take him seriously and actually listen to his ideas and policies (which actually might help America)
General disclaimer: Please keep forum rules in mind, as many people have very strongly held opinions regarding politics. We respect your right to discuss it -- in a civil and mature manner -- but if things get too heated, we will step in.
Semi-related aside: there exists a politics thread. Not sure if using it is a good idea, but I figured it at least deserved a mention.
What did I say that wasn't civil and mature?
Nothing. I am just trying to head off any potential flame wars before they spark :)
"That's why people hate him. Because he can't keep his mouth shut. Maybe the nasty stuff he says doesn't apply to you but the group of people they're aimed at get hurt, a lot. So yes, it is a big deal.

His actual, real policies aren't the WORST, but he needs to grow up if he wants the entire nation to support him."
Potential flame war alert!
Everyone, if you actually want to discuss politics, please take it either to the politics thread (mods?) or to PMs
Don't ruin the fun
"I can still remember read about the days when religion debates shouting matches infested even the most innocuous threads. It would probably be a bit better if political talk was confined to one thread (which is what happened with religious talk on the old board).

*shudder*"
Scioly.org rules apply to all discussions in forums and on chat: http://scioly.org/phpBB3/viewtopic.php?f=24&t=13. We are a community formed around our mutual interest in experimental sciences; civil, open discussions are acceptable, but political disagreements should not be used to exclude other users.
I'm attending college there. I really haven't been on in forever have I....
College? OLDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD
I see my youthful Science Olympiad self has been reincarnated
Obsidian+hydrofluoric acid= danger! And we have both of those in a storage cabinet easily accessible by sugar-high maniacs...
Nah, NT hasn't gotten temp banned yet
"Last week some of my teammates and myself met at the local library to work on SO stuff. I somehow found this video: https://youtu.be/Yy6t8oJ0olY?t=3

""Squatting"" is now the new taunt among my team."
Was in public when I noticed a very distinct and rather bad smell; looked up to find an Ailanthus altissima!!
"...



( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)"

How do you guys get to competition in your state? Most of my friends from other states say everyone piles into a bus or something of that sort; here, everyone drives individually the day of.
From my experience, most teams get a bus through the school.
"Div B: Several parents drove kids (1 car=~5 competitors).
Div C: Activity bus."
"Ooh, you want to know something worse?

So, in my middle school, we had some powders in a Crime Busters box. Innocent middle school me picks two jars of powders out. Then one of my teammates goes, ""You have magnesium and thermite?! You can make an incendiary bomb out of that!"" Mysteriously, the thermite disappeared soon afterwards. If only the thermite were still there..."
"Keeping with the theme:
acid-base titration chem might save my grade in college."
"Andrewwski is alive!

*high-pitched screaming*"
"Ok, ranting over...

On an unrelated note, Bree Serif is now my new favorite font."
Scioly goes goth? Lol who is responsible
Where do you see this?
Where the hell did you find that?
"In a gothic place.

Duh."
I'm seeing it too...
Now I have it too
I like it.
Is it just me or is it chocolate now
The top bar is changed for me as well ._.
"What the heck happened to the top menu

EDIT: Also I created a Wikipedia account- ""Why herro dere"" is my username"
It's snowing
The new pokemon game is SOOOOOOOO GOOD
I suspect bots
"Happy Thanksgiving; wherever you are!! Hope your holidays are filled with lots of turkey and/or tofurkey!

(Posting today cause I won't be on for a while)"
https://i.imgur.com/74taPHU.gifv
"Awww...

AND HAPPY THANKSGIVING EVERYONE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
Fermi Questions confirmed: https://www.facebook.com/nobelprize/pos ... 4611864103.
*fermi confermied
"Happy Thanksgiving!

10hfei1i1o"
Stop
So.......how's life? (I don't know what else to say)
Turns out I can't pick my events this week unless I'd rather have my chorus grade take a plunge What I'm going to try to do is send my teacher a list of events I'd like... or I'll end up getting the left overs. Sigh.
I feel bad, hope everything goes out well.
"So you know when you're listening to music loud enough to hear it in the background, but not loud enough to hear Mitch Grassi's high notes? Nope? Just me?
I'll be working and hear a brief silence and think ""Welp. Mitch is being talented again."" If you don't know what I'm talking about go listen to Pentatonix's Dance of the Sugar Plum Fairy."
Thanks! I do too!
What's Pentatonix? Something like... this? ;)
Wait. Hold up. Is that the What Does the Fox Say dude? How had I not seen this yet?
"August 31st was the last day I spent exactly zero time on captaining work.

yes I record this"
August 31st was the last time I was sane
Good luck to teams competing at Boyceville, Cornell, Churchill, Whiting, and other tournaments tomorrow! (windu you better bring back some golds )
GO MOUNDS VIEW!!! Let's end this week on a high note.
It says my hostname is banned from IRC. I didn't do anything.. is this a misunderstanding? Can I be unbanned?
"Um, robotman may or may not have banned the entirety of Georgia...hehejk he didn't

He banned some spammers from a school ip so maybe that's why you couldn't join?"
No, I am where I usually log in from. I tried from mibbit and kiwi too.
"""The What Does the Fox Say dude""

Man, you've got a lot of Ylvis music videos to watch."
It's year 2 of Hydrogeology, and my coach still calls it Hydrology. The geologists on the team are becoming quite annoyed.
Broken Arrow Invitational had 20 teams in Div B (and 7 in Div C) on November 19th. Oklahoma's getting pretty big...
Saaaaaaaaame
Next year there will be no Hydrology.
"I think test exchange is broken? My mother tried to download some invasives practice problems but no go...it tried to make her make an account or something and when she did it still didn't work...
SHOUTOUT TO ADMINS FOR HELPING THANK"
We have thread for this. Any transition issues not posted in the thread may easily be missed.
New users list is back, and the spam posts are back as well...
Shadow bans would for users who are not bots would be amusing.
When listing medals, do yall organize them by event, year, or placement?
Listing them where? It varies based on why I'm listing them.
Sorry! Applications.
Depends how many you have. If you have less than 15 or so, list all of them (I'd recommend by year). If you have more, I'd suggest listing state medals (unless you have a lot, in which case I'd suggest you focus on the particularly good ones and cover the rest with a blanket statement, e.g. "12 state medals, including gold medals in <event> in <year> and <event> in <year>"). If you have national medals, definitely list those.
???
"LOL rgandhi2002 showed you it!

It's from aherthabey if you wanna know (he found it)."
[nvm]
"I did? I mean of course I did. Right.

Oh wait. I did send it to you #MeFails"
Hello everyone! Back online after a year or so; it's exciting to be back!
Also, is the signature not a thing anymore?
It seems to have disappeared since we switched servers... Also, welcome back!

"Went to ladera to cheer on my div B team!!

Looks like State is going to be a cat fight again..."
"I don't have time to [insert essential life activity here]; I'm a crazy lady on a mission!

(Especially with Science Olympiad...)"
Results?
"1. Kraemer Team Gold
2. Jeffrey Trail Team Blue
3. Jeffrey Trail Team Orange
4. Kraemer Team Blue
5. Oak Valley Team Edison
6. Carmel Valley Team 1

States is going to be fun."
Finals. God bless. Rip.
I might just be completely missing it in my sleep deprived state, but how do you edit the wiki now?
The edit button is at the bottom of the page (I still can't find the categories for a page though).
"Thank you Unome!
Edit: So now it's saying I don't have permission to edit. I tried logging out and back in and that didn't change anything (my computer did autofill my info as Assassinator though, haha!)"
Did you use the wiki login page? here
"Carmel valley team 1" is actually the Carmel Valley B team...lol we should have sent our A team (Good competition tho)
This is why I shouldn't do things when I'm tired. I forget to do simple things like sign into the wiki rather than the forums. *facepalm*
So cold outside...its not normally 70 degrees around this time of year:((
I was very confused then I remembered that you live in CA. It's warm here, but not that warm.
soinc.org what happened o_O
"That workshop pic is pretty cool though. Who's the guy in front?

Edit: Why do tourneys say ""Play""? ...

Random note: the person in the center of the pic for ""Directors"" is wearing a shirt with the 2011 national tournament logo in a pic from 2008 (according to the caption); didn't know they made the stuff that far in advance."
"Post-finals boredom:

x3 x4 x5 max max
x2 x4 x5 max max
x2 x3 x5 max max
x2 x3 x4 max max
x1 x4 x5 max max
x1 x3 x5 max max
x1 x3 x4 max max
x1 x2 x5 max max
x1 x2 x4 max max
x1 x2 x3 max max
min min min min min min min min min

May not be optimal/most-elegant, but I was only concerned with existence."
omigod I just saw wtf
This 1500 word essay.
Futile. Plagiarized from the Library of Babel.
mfw that's my high school on the front page
"Tfw you realize how many SciOly exams you will be writing over winter break:


IN CASE YOU'RE WONDERING... (CLICK TO SHOW HIDDEN TEXT)"
Good luck! (hope we'll see the regionals tests on the test exchange in a few months!)
"A bad day for winding pigtail bearings and rolling balsa tubes :(

Edit: Just realized I've been using the wrong wire. 1.5 feet of wire wasted."
Scioly meetings more like how many cupcakes can I put in my mouth at once
Ha for my team more like how many shots of Sierra Mist can you drink as quickly as possible
For us it was racing for the last piece of pizza.
I constructed a single-bladed two-rotor helicopter that flies albeit very unstably. Flies is perhaps an overstatement. It temporarily levitates.
Nats is a far cry.
Cars are pretty cool
Hey I got into college!
"Which one?

Edit: Or we could resurrect this thread"
"University of Massachusetts Amherst. That's probably where I'm going, unless I end up getting into Cornell which I'm not confident about. I also hear back from Case Western in two hours.

EDIT: deferred from Case :/"
"...
ERMAHGERD

CONGRATS KARP! THIS CALLS FOR A CELEBRATION! /me prepares photoshop"
Congrats Karp!
OMFG YOU GOT INTO COLLEGE!!!!!!!! I'm only in 7th grade so this honestly seems huge!!!!! Update us on what Cornell says!!!! Also, if you were deferred from Case, what does that exactly mean...?
"Is Case that selective? (am totally just going on the assumption that you're pretty set for college admissions, but tbh it's probably a reasonable assumption)

Edit: Deferred means usually that someone applied Early and was deferred into the regular admissions. You can still get accepted through the regular admissions process (i.e you weren't good enough for early, but good enough that they thought you might have a chance at regular). Depending on the college, being deferred can mean different things about your chances; for example, MIT rejects very few Early applicants, usually just deferring them, but it's very unlikely for someone that's deferred from Early by MIT to get in on regular (although last year two people from my school managed it).

stuff I know from overhearing seniors talking"
Oh ok thanks for clearing that up
"Case is pretty selective; it's a step or two below the ivies. It didn't help that I selected Astronomy, which is probably a competitive major. It also doesn't help that ~10 other people from my school applied- colleges don't accept too many people from the same school.

Speaking of getting deferred from MIT, apparently EVERYONE from my senior class got deferred from MIT. This doesn't seem that impressive until you consider we are pretty much the best school in Missouri, as well as the best senior class in my school's history with dozens of 4.0 36 ACT students, as well as one student who was one out of 70 in the US selected for MIT's RSI summer research camp that is at least supposed to essentially ensure admission to MIT. Idk, maybe we aren't all that special. [/rant]"
"I didn't know that MIT was THAT selective...

EDIT: hey, do you go to Lincoln College Prep?"
"It's honestly hard to tell. Our school is definitely NOT the best school in Pennsylvania (not by a long shot), and even though our class was pretty high-achieving, I don't think I would go so far as to say we were the best class in school history. And yet, we had one person accepted to MIT because she did really well in academics and was also a really good swimmer. It's impossible to tell exactly what MIT wants at any given time. I don't think it's necessarily an indictment on your school that nobody was accepted. Perhaps you're not as head-and-shoulders above everyone else as it seemed, but I wouldn't take it personally.

Also, if there's one thing about MIT, is that they don't give a pigeon about perfect SAT/ACT, or very high GPAs. As long as you're above a certain level, you're considered, but it's not going to get you in. There's so many other things that are higher priorities to them."
What things are higher priorities to them?
"Idk if they're higher priorities, but some things colleges do also take a good look at is your extracurricular involvement/well-rounded-ness and the strength of your essays. Some colleges also offer interviews (MIT is one of them) and take that into account with admissions as well. Do those if offered. As much as interviews seem scary, they're a great opportunity to showcase yourself beyond your application (I mean they'll get to see how you are as a person, not just as a bunch of words on paper or a screen). That does not translate to ""join as many clubs as you can"" though because colleges can also see through that. They really look at quality and not so much at quantity on involvement.

Honestly, idk if I'm qualified enough to give advice on how to get into MIT since they rejected me on early lol, but that's what I can say about your question"
I think you could find that type of stuff here: http://mitadmissions.org/blogs
Congrats, Karp! Amherst is gorgeous.
Since when did the wiki turn into Wikepdia?
Yeah I noticed yesterday that one of the admins was messing with the font and all (much prefer the wikipedia skin to the post-update skin though, but Kindofblue is still my favorite). Unfortunately I have to get used to where all of the buttons are all over again
I like it, but the fact that there is no logo in the upper left hand corner is really bothering me.
Ok thanks
i h8 finals
ha ha I got a 100 on all of mine (except for Spanish, 93 )
so far I've gotten an 87, 83, 96, and 90, i still have to take biology, History, and French, but i still hate them

I wish i could react to that, but its blocked(school computers suck)
Yo @robounicorn25, where are you from? Maybe I'll see ya at Northridge if you're coming?
"(different account, still same person.)
no, our team doesn't go to invitationals, I'm from McCutcheon, we only do the purdue regional"
You've been there?
Ooh maybe I'll see ya there then! (I'm supervising Crime Busters and Forensics at the Purdue Regional!)
"But you're in 7th grade, unless those are high school courses?

Anyways, the home page isn't goth anymore and the recent posts+wiki edits are coming back! [bonbon]WOOT[/bonbon]"
im actually doing forensics, as long as i dont come along any schedule conflicts, those suck
Man, it's been a while since I've been on here. Stupid finals/life. But hey, I got a 100 on most!
Woot woot congrats!
The only high school course that i'm currently taking is Algebra 1 (because I skipped a grade of math ), but i'm also taking Spanish 1A, which prepares me for Spanish 1B in 8th grade, which is a high school credit.
"I too have survived finals week! Somehow.

0/10, would not recommend 3 400-level astro/physics exams in 2 days."
Mhm, my cousin goes there.
Can confirm, never again...until next semester (for me).
When I hear these college horror stories I feel like I'm gonna have to live off of my parents when I grow up...
You'll be fine.
#FermiQuestionsConfermied
That sounds awfully painful.
Scioly meeting went a lot better this time, despite missing three or four people. T-shirt designs chosen, and I think we're all set for regionals... just hope work gets done over break.
Yikes tbt
Just wondering if sigs will ever be brought back??
You could view people's signatures by looking at their profile...
Merry Christmas
"Dang scioly.org looks really clean and awesome now

(and merry christmas everyone!)"
"I really wanted to make this my division D signature:

Current Student Competitor
National Tournament Director
National Event Supervisor
National Astrology Rules Committee Chair
National Healing Crystals Rules Committee Chair

Click here to join the National Science Olympiad committee and become a Scioly.org administrator!
But signatures aren't a thing anymore :/

Merry Christmas! Happy Hannukah! Cheerful Diwali! (yes I know I'm late) Enjoy yourselves, knowing the competitions season for Science Olympiad is about to be in full swing!"
Omg! Thanks for the link although my application was probably rejected anyway
"Yeah! The home page was weird and messed up for a while but it looks cool now. The image gallery still doesn't work tho...

Merry Christmas everyone, from me too"
http://scioly.org/forums/viewtopic.php? ... 00#p303400
Updated smilies. Man, end of an era right here.
Whoa, the new site surprised me a bunch xD
I'M WATCHING THE LAST EPISODE OF THE OFFICE AND IM CRYING AND SCREAMING ON THE INSIDE
Because we all need more of this in our lives.
"The forums look so clean and simple!! It's nice:))

Still not over that wiki update though. I'm so disoriented it's almost funny."
Wiki still needs a lot of work. The current theme is a temporary one as I figure out what to do with it.
But we still have this!
Days like these when I miss having 4 events...and having a team that went to invitationals.
Signatures are back!!!
Yay, now I can record my failures! XD
And I can finally remove the Pawn Stars reference (I kept my Rick Harrison avatar for all of November since I couldn't get rid of it. Finally just gave up at the start of this month.)
"Oh they are back? (Test posting to see)

edit: well I guess they are"
Wow, time to go make a signature I think. Feeling more and more a part of this site lol.
Club Penguin probably deleted my account for inactivity. I played about a decade ago, loading the game through dial-up. Good memories. I'll miss my puffles Red and Blue.
Probably the saddest thing I've ever read
Woahh new emojis looking good
Man, the site looks so clean and sharp now. I love it
Awww I miss the old version of the laughing emoji...
"Happy (late) holidays everyone!
I'm enjoying the new smilies! Especially this one -> It's going to make a lot of appearances."
Love the new skin. It looks so sharp and professional.
Woah When did this update happen...? But these emojis aren't animated anymore...
Have fun with my exam if you do take it
"Too bad that avatars are locked right now. I got two really good ones waiting...

...yes, one of them is a picture of Buddy Valastro."
and this is why John is one of my favorite mods
So my team is still considering going to an invitational (we checked with the invitational host; there's still room to join). The only one we'd be able to do is Staley High School on Jan. 14. It doesn't look like it'd be that competitive though- SHS placed 10th at Missouri states in 2015 and 11th in 2016 (I know 10th is really good for Pennsylvania or Ohio, but not so much in Missouri). Considering we're (pretty much) the best team in the state, is it worth it to go? If we don't, we get no tournaments until regionals on March 4.
I think you might as well go for it, if you have the budget to pay for it. Any tournament experience will likely be helpful, even if the competition isn't the highest caliber, because you're still going through the process of competition day, which is something that can't really be replicated. Also, by being a regular at nationals, you would be likely to increase the profile of the invitational, which could make the invitational more popular in the future, which could help increase the level of competition within the state. Strength of in-state invitationals is sometimes an important factor that influences overall state strength.
"I agree with what East said in regards to this question.

Also, did you intentionally choose not to rick roll in the signature? Or is this a massive missed opportunity"
rofl i just got rekt
Agree, so long as money isn't much of a concern. Based on Google Maps, it looks like it might be close enough to just drive out the morning of the tournament (depending on when the tournament starts).
"I dont have much time to explain the situation but here it is:

-I have to teach someome who has never done rocks and minerals the whole thing in 1 and a half hours
-The next day they have a very important invitational that we cannot afford to do badly in

im panicking"
"Assuming you're talking about a tournament on January 7th, either they spend 20 hours between now and then working on learning how to ID and gathering info and you teach them some ID test skills on Friday, or they'll fail badly. Nothing you can do in one and a half hours can teach someone new an ID event.

Why is it that they cannot afford to do badly in an invitational?"
"Are they your partner? If so just cover the basics so they have an idea of what they are doing and can be helpful. Give them some materials to look over if they have time before the event.

If they are not your partner basically do the same thing because you don't want to freak them out, but go more in depth. If there are certain aspects of the event worth more points focus more on those. IDing is definitely important, but there is no way they will be able to memorize everything in time. Focus on rocks and minerals that will almost certainly be on the test make sure they know those. I don't recommend all-nighters, but if that's their style have them look over some practice tests too once they feel comfortable with the material.

Either way make sure that they use any free time they have preparing. Also: They are probably freaking out just as much (or more) as you, so try not to stress them out or scare them too bad."
"HI BB

drc: i am a smol potato"
"I've sent them a quizlet and my slideshows so hopefully its going to work out. 15/88 on her first try, better than I was expecting especially since they've never ever done an earth science event.
And as for the invitational thing; I just want all of the teams to do well, everyone else spent so much time and it would be such a shame if rocks was the ""bad event"" and dragged down the team ranking. Also the invitationals here are expensive especially for 6 teams and the invitational is super competitive soo
Panda Weasley wrote:

Are they your partner? If so just cover the basics so they have an idea of what they are doing and can be helpful. Give them some materials to look over if they have time before the event.

If they are not your partner basically do the same thing because you don't want to freak them out, but go more in depth. If there are certain aspects of the event worth more points focus more on those. IDing is definitely important, but there is no way they will be able to memorize everything in time. Focus on rocks and minerals that will almost certainly be on the test make sure they know those. I don't recommend all-nighters, but if that's their style have them look over some practice tests too once they feel comfortable with the material.

Either way make sure that they use any free time they have preparing. Also: They are probably freaking out just as much (or more) as you, so try not to stress them out or scare them too bad.
They aren't my partner. I've given them some pointers as well as the most common minerals that I have seen on tests (Just curious, what are common minerals on tests for you?) and hopefully they'll be fine. Practice tests are also something I'll look into.
smolblob wrote:

HI BB

drc: i am a smol potato
heLLo!!! l miss fossils a lot esp tiktaalik"
Follow us on Twitter and Facebook!
I must say that I absolutely love the new scioly.org! Good job admins!

What about Central Time? I'm excited anyway, because last years party was so much fun!
Woo you finished the ad Bernard! Wifi finally seems to be cooperating with my laptop today, so I think I'll be able to play stuff other than tetris
Time to attempt to make significant headway on those five exams I'm in some way responsible for! XD
Happy New Year
Happy New Year from Minnesnowta!
Happy new year guys!
Happy New Year!
"Just realised RS could stand for Road Scholars or Remote Sensing...

Also #FermiQuestions is TOTALLY HAPPENING, https://www.soinc.org/sites/default/fil ... 122016.pdf !!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
Fermi
The Forums are Snowing!!
Ooh Bernard, can we get fireworks too like we did for rollover that one year?
Sherlock Season 4 premiere is on PBS. The game is on, my friends!!!!
Might be bc of rotations? then again the last time it was an event was my freshman year and now I'm a college freshman...
Is no one going to talk about "Indoor bottle rocket launch"
http://scioly.org/forums/viewtopic.php? ... 31#p303825
Buffet sounds like a great event tho
Fingers crossed I make it through the next 3 weeks. It feels like all the things decided to be scheduled at the same time.
DELETED DELETED DELETED
My thoughts and wishes go out to you Panda.
Hey you're still around! So your team is going to Michigan this year for West Ottawa?
MIT?
UW-River Falls. Gotta defend that championship.
DELETED DELETED DELETED
DELETED DELETED DELETED
Just because they won EV doesn't mean they are ready to perform at that level at a competition yet
A suggestion from someone on the team about how to determine who gets the last spot in a certain MIT trial event (posted with permission):
Would weapons be allowed? If so, would you say that the mind is the greatest weapon?
"Ooh, are we having a battle of wits to the death? If so...

ahhhh I love that movie so much!!!!!!"
INCONCEIVABLE!
The student that needed to learn r&m in a week now successfully identifies 97% minerals correctly... hope this streak continues
Incorrect. Because the same color results for many minerals, streak test would statistically allow the student to correctly identify only 37%.
"This movie. Yes.
I was once able to recite practically the entire movie by memory...oops?"
The feeling when you've been working on a SciOly exam (technically) due next week and suddenly realize you still haven't made significant progress on writing another exam that's (technically) due tomorrow
Sad reacts only.
My username looks like a long bed made for dogs who sleep a lot.

"KRAEMER INVITATIONAL 2017
1 Jeffery Trails
2 Oak Valley
3 Carmel Valley
4 Jeffery Trails
5 Black Mountain
6 Chapparrel

The day was not what the team and what I was expecting; but I'm still extremely proud of my team and my students for being able to work on through the panic and the mishaps--

#carmel"
Congratulations on you and your team's performance.
Don't you mean Chapparal? That's a climate in California. Yellow star-thistle among other plants and shrubs grow there. lol.
"Alright, time to learn Hovercraft and Dynamic planet for an invitational by Saturday.

Also seriously, FRC has WAY more flair than us: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RwwnbLSW6hY"
Good luck! (make sure to win both )
Since this is DRC, Rogue One was amazing. (Yes I know it came out almost a month ago but still)
I miss my Division B team more than anything right now. I miss the intensity, I miss the invitationals, and most of all I miss the people...
I'm seeing it later today!
Health is important.
"My team has lost 90% of it's builders... We're down to 3, and they all refuse to do any build events besides just one that they're in.


Help"
Do some builds, and either compete in them at competition if you have timeslots free, or find some reliable people to run them at competition.
That's what I've been doing. Successfully? Who knows, but I'm certainly giving it my best shot.
when will image gallery come back up
I miss air trajectory. I miss the two year reign I held at my region. Still have a trail of medals from all the invites, regionals, and states. My fav event
Sorry to hear about that...perhaps you could take on the builds on the other events that the three aren't doing, then assign others who are potentially interested in helping run (if not build) the build testing during competition? Similar to what Unome said pretty much.
"Chorus is singing Hamilton

Specifically, It's Quiet Uptown"
I thought this was relevant
That's an excellent chorus song!
"Today I recognized a scioly.org member on last year's Jeopardy Teen Tournament.

...which means that either I have a really good memory, or I unconsciously stalk people

Anyway, good luck to GNS at Conestoga this weekend! (and everyone else too, but I'm rooting for GNS and Penncrest )"
"Three more meetings and then my kids head to regionals...

I'm really, really worried. They just recently came short at a competition, 7th and 11th out of 44 teams.

I dont think my identification drills are working. Ive sent 5 quizlets and they all ace identification on that; but as soon as they see an actual mineral they can't tell augite from hornblende. They've printed out everything on scioly.org and taken just about every test so what am I doing wrong???"
Wait, which user is this? I know her personally from quizbowl! Awesome!
"thehydrogenpoptart

yeah I'm leaning towards unconscious stalking XD"
"So, first: I know that 7th and 11th may not have been what you were hoping for or expecting, but placing in the top 1/4 is still good. They also still have time to improve before regionals.

Second: The problem might be that they are recognizing the picture, not the mineral. I know that this is a problem I ran into with entomology. If there were two very similar insects I had to ID, I often was only able to do it with the pictures I learned from. Have them look through different pictures of the minerals so they can learn the differences by seeing the minerals rather than seeing a certain picture. Hopefully this will help them as much as it helped me!"
If you have the time, make a quizlet with 5-10 really good pictures of each rock and mineral. That way, they can't test themselves based on which minerals they've already answered, and they see a variety of specimens- you can do crystal selenite and desert rose selenite.
If college apps are anything like applications for summer programs (which they probably are), I'm gonna die when I have to do those.
"Speaking of unconsciously stalking, I now know a handful of scioly users' real names from a mix of last year's Nationals and SO related facebook pages.

Somewhat related, would it be weird to friend scioly.org users on facebook?"
Sameeeeeee I pretty much stalk whoever likes scioly.org's posts and then figure out who they are

A few minutes ago I saw a tournament official carrying a rules manual tucked into the back of their pants
You gotta do what you gotta do.
Unrelated: I just saw an EV veer off course by about 15 meters, and go out the open gym door XD
One of my coaches' EV did that when she competed. It went down a flight of stairs and through a door.
When you go to a sushi restaurant and see the "consuming raw food may lead to food borne illness" warning and immediately think of Disease Detectives.
Is it really an invasive species class if you dont watch Weed of the Week?
I live in Eastern Time zone. When I look at time of other peoples posts, I see that there are people like 5 hours ahead, so where would they be from?
Have you heard of sleep? I haven't.
No, so if it is 6:00 at my place, it shows 11:00 as the time of the post that was just posted by you.
It's probably because you have not changed your times in the settings from the default UTF.
"Alright,,, just putting it out there. I took first place at regionals for wind power because we had the exact same proctor as invitationals, and he kept test same and only changed a couple numbers. So glad we brought a key from the previous invitational
It's hardly my fault, I mean the proctor was kinda lazy for keeping the tests the same, and we just happened to have key.
sue me

Has this happened to anyone else before?"
In 2014 the Shock Value test at state was the same as the previous year's. Our competitors were the same people as the previous year, so they finished the test in ~4 minutes (and got 1st). Every Remote Sensing test I've seen this year so far included questions from the test exchange.
What happens when a proctor has used all the existing tests on the Test Exchange? Of course you can't reuse a test from the exchange if you've used it before, right?
They reuse bits and pieces of the tests that they made by reusing bits and pieces of the test exchange tests
"back in the day all the regulars friended each other; no comment on weirdness, but i will say i at least knew who they were

now scioly people friend me on facebook and i have no idea who they are - the only reason i know they're scioly is if scioly shirts are plastered all over their cover photos/profile photos and/or i see they're in a group with a name like ""LASA SciO"" - not complaining, though i do find it amusing"
The state Dynamic Planet test in 2015 had several sections taken from test in the test exchange.
I just spent the last 30 minutes watching a regionals event signup. Even for being during school, it was agonizingly slow; I think four schools have started signing up, and I spent six minutes refreshing it before there was a single signup.
"Is this a regional you're going to, or just a rando sign-up?

Either way, sounds more exciting than whatever we're doing in class rn"
Our coordinator wanted to know our top block choices for build event signup; and at least 2 weeks went by without a single signup.
Yeah the regional we're going to. Surprisingly it even took Brookwood 15 minutes to start.
How many of you guys have made it to nationals. Our team has people with lots of talent, but we have never broken 12th at states . We get pushed to second every year in regionals too because of northville. I think we have a lot stronger team this year... hoping for at least a team trophy at states
"I've went a few times. If you're from Canton, y'all got 8th in 2012. Going to be a bit harder to get into the top 12 at states this year since there's going to be 60 teams (I'm assuming they're going to keep it as top 12 are the trophies). The main two ways I think it will affect who gets in the top 12 is 1) region 9 will most likely regain its second bid, so Huron HS will most likely be there, and 2) consistency will be much more important (I'm assuming they're going to scrap the old n=40 for scoring, so getting participation points or bombing an event will proportionally make a slightly bigger impact on the overall team score).

Good luck!"
@JasperKota ASSASSINATION CLASSROOM LOLOL
i really miss fossils
"YES KOROSENSEI!

To elaborate on that statement: ""WHO DOESN’T LIKE TO STUDY ALL THESE WONDERFUL SPECIMENS???? FOSSILS IS AN EVENT THAT REALLY REQUIRES THE TEST TAKER TO KNOW WHAT THEY ARE DOING, BECAUSE YOU ARE NOT ONLY TESTED ON IDENTIFYING FOSSILS, YOU ARE TESTED ON TRACE FOSSILS AND WHICH GEOLOGICAL LOCATION CERTAIN FOSSILS ARE FROM AND THE HALF LIVES OF THIS ISOTOPE AND WHAT MINERAL THIS IS FOSSILIZED IN AND THE TYPE OF PRESERVATION AND FOSSILS JUST GETS ONE REALLY INTO THE EVENT I LOVE IT SO MUCH"" - anonymous"
"Hang on a second...

Assassination Classroom...

Assassination...

Assassinator.

JasperKota is Sassy confirmed."
"You're pretty quick there to make accusations...
Don't make any sudden moves, Karp, 'cus by golly I'm watching you."
"what
is
the
point
of
this
forum
again?"
I have taken tests where most of the questions were lifted from tests that I had written myself previously and posted to the test exchange.
Even over just three tournament tests for Remote Sensing that I've seen this year, I've already found several of your questions.
The point of this forum is to help each other with Science Olympiad and to enjoy the pursuit of science. Not to bash other schools.
"no like this particular one
""your daily random comment"""
I know, but I can still answer your questions.
confused
This is why I *attempt* to write my own (sometimes it can be tricky with forensics)
Throwback to my freshman year of high school, when this was the national website.
"It was only 2012? I always thought they left that skin behind after ~2010 or so.

Also RIP UIUC partnership"
The pictured website was replaced in early March 2013.
"Question of the day: Is the Entomology/Entomology Insect List wiki page longer than the entire Bee Movie script? Let's find out...

Edit: Yep, it's longer. Big time."
Suck it, DreamWorks and Paramount Pictures. They may have made $287.6, but I got exalted and two medals on scioly.org.
A wild event appears at River Falls pt. 2
Well...someone want to try reading the whole Ento wiki, then proceed to speed the recording up every single time the word insect appears?
HAHAHA
"I don't know what's worse:
-the fact that I thought that the link at the bottom was a real YouTube video that I actually tried to enter
-The fact that I was so lazy I memorized the whole link so I wouldn't have to write it
- or the fact that it happened at 2 am"
When did the emojis change?
Two or three weeks ago?
Interested to hear raw scores for towers at MIT. Does anyone have access?
I need a meme generator for this.
I saw this laying around everywhere yesterday.
"A div b invite this weekend and regionals the week right after that...and my div c regionals is two weeks after that

im going to go lie down now."
And I thought my prep process for supervising Forensics for Wright State Invitational was a ton of work...
Imagine what it's like being on Solon's team and having tournaments almost every week from early January through early March.
Competition is a lot of work but I'm jealous of solon-- my div c team is anti invitational.
same, that would be fun.
Well, Ohio has a LOT of invitationals. What I'm jealous of is that Mat-su can go to Rice, Troy and the Texas Three can go to MIT, but we can barely get the funds to go to Kansas City across the state...
Our school doesn't get any funding whatsoever. Families pay for these trips themselves.
I think this qualifies as "a lot of funding."
"Marmoset monkey may be loose on campus" -e-mail from my university this morning
http://ksn.com/2017/01/25/wichita-state ... on-campus/
"This is fantastic, but the goo.gl/Dkwj60 link was the icing on the cake.

10/10 would be rick rolled again. (hidden for spoilers)"
Happee anniversaree Unome.
"whoa i'm getting old

XD

RIP Booth Invitational"
trying to understand how to write a program without any experience or classes is a bad idea.
why didn't anything like this happen when I was EIC of my university's paper
When you have events in every timely and no time for lunch -_-
This is the best way to compete
Do most tournaments not have a specific time slot for lunch during which no events are run?
It's uncommon. Here in Georgia our tournament (Chattahoochee) is the only one I can think of with a lunch slot (I made it 40 minutes after observing that in previous years everyone just did nothing during the last 20 minutes). I've heard of it at a few other tournaments too
A lot of tournaments I've been to in the Houston, TX area have lunch slots.
Most tournaments in the Mid-Atlantic area tend not to have lunch periods, I think. This probably also applies to the rest of the Northeast but I can't necessarily confirm.
Virginia has lunch periods but they're like 15 minutes long
I'm really not a fan of breaks midday because events are, still, the same length. That just delays awards, which nobody really wants (especially those traveling a ways to get there). It's a long enough day!
I can see the argument, although I tend to keep the lunch break because otherwise it would be all but impossible for some of us (on the organizing/event sup side at our tournament) to eat. In a way, depending on how the tournament is set up, the lunch break may end up contributing to a smaller delay between the last event in awards, since if there are sufficient teams and all events start early enough, grading can just happen through the lunch slot.
The only tournament I've been to with a full lunch hour was Cornell last year but they still ran Disease Detectives and trial events in that slot so all teams could go at once and not have to do it during the impound period. Some invites I've been to have delayed the start of the 4th timeslot by 10 minutes so there is a 20 minute gap. I like that for tournaments that only run 6 timeslots because it also allows event supervisors to get rooms set up since usually the same room is used for a different event in the morning, and competitors and build event supervisors have a little bit of time for lunch.
Woah! "Only" 6 timeslots? NC regionals run 4. I wish we had 6...
Yeah, I was not aware that running Disease during impound was especially common in PA. 6 timeslots seems to be the most common (~65% of teams*tournaments) with 5 and 4 being a bit less common, maybe 10% each of teams*tournaments.
They usually just run Disease during the middle of the day but for a few invites this year it is during impound with Experimental Design. Regionals and States "only" have 6 timeslots but Disease is still run at the same time for each team, which means not all teams have the same event conflicts.
"Me: lets kill it this season!!

Me: nevermind"
"Not sure if I've already posted about it; from 2011 Mission Possible:

There's some great irony in that statement. Dox says this in jest, but this is basically what the national champion in the event ended up doing."
That sucks. I think we have it pretty rough in Ohio, but there's still a bit of hope year to year. Competing in SoCal must be awful.
You have to beat the (usual) national champs just to get to nationals T.T
"This all reminds me of this post...
Skink wrote:
B and C? Man, South Dakota...maybe, when I retire, I'll get a nice log cabin in the Hills and start a team that qualifies for Nationals every year due to next to no competition. That would be the life!"
Just spent a bit digging around the Wayback Machine, looking for old scoresheets from states. I now have all of Michigan's state results from 1987 on, excluding 1991, 2005, 2007, 2009, and 2012 (B). If only I could upload them to the wiki...
^^^ I still have the O-Town scoresheet, but I can't upload it yet. It's getting tiresome continually remembering that I even have it.
https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/-mbcI ... -01-30.png Read it and weep.
"The largest competition in the nation is in exactly 5 days...117 teams, to be exact.
I now believe that organized chaos exists."
"Pls post a picture of the people in the awards room, and also of the awards table. Those must be pretty awesome.

Good news: I remember how to do calculus (sort of). Bad news: the test is tomorrow, and I don't know anything about vector-valued functions."
Solved for something on Matlab? Or just some straight-up equation from a textbook?
This is something that my astrobiology teacher actually had to derive himself for his PhD disseration. Try to guess what it's about.
Do they do it over two days?
Looks like an equation for the mass of the planet based on the mass of its parent star, its period, and whatever 'K' is.
Tfw when you can't go back to your room and sleep after getting out of your only class all day that's from 7:30 am - 8:30 am bc you gotta go help stuff vials for Crime Busters and Forensics for your university's upcoming regional tournament
It is! So this is my professor trying to solve for the mass of the planet based on the radial velocity equation and assuming a certain inclination. It was to show that finding the mass of a planet is indeed very difficult (as you can clearly see ).
"There's no matrix for san diego that I know of (that is released to students). I'll post a picture of awards though!!

Skink wrote:

Do they do it over two days?
Just one day! They do B and C on separate days though cause, you know, space. C only has ~75 teams."
What did he use? CO2?
They inflated the balloon inside a water bottle (removing all air from between the bottle & balloon to ensure that all energy came from the balloon being inflated), placed the bottle in a tank of water, and used momentum to lift ~300 grams and score ~3000 bonus points.
He can correct me if I'm wrong, but I recall a tournament where robotman competed in 10 events.
"I'm still waiting for someone to arrive with a story of them competing in 11 events; 10 is the most I've heard of so far.

Edit: 12 events would be pretty interesting, since that's more than half"
I believe that is actually correct.... It was a bit hectic...
"When a certain member of your team of decently high rank ranted about a rival team's attitude in a slightly unsportsmanlike conduct on chat to a single person. And that person sent it to a member of the rival team. And that team member sent it to the board of the rival team (kinda like captains).

And now said rival team is using it as motivation. Honestly, though, the steal our students, but now we'll have to really do well at Regionals this Saturday - if we lose the other team will not let us hear the end of it. :/"
Hm would it be a dumb idea to test flight a wright stuff plane in a 15' by 11' room with a tall ceiling? It's got some furniture in it (though I could move most of it except a piano). I'd really like to be fly it at home (not fully wound) but kinda don't want to risk breaking it.
In that space, I doubt it would even be able to complete a circle (unless you happen to be an amazing builder). Based on what I've heard, you need around 25' by 25' to get in a full circle.
Yeah thought it'd be like that. Oh well I'll have to wait till Fridays to test it at the school gym then. Thanks for the response though
whta would you do if you were sick 2 days before competition?
How sick, and how valuable are you/the referenced person to the team?
stomach flu, and my write it do it pater has not practiced with anyone else :/
What of your other events? How close to the border is your team to qualifying for state? If the symptoms and severity of stomach flu are similar to regular influenza, then based on my past experience with it (twice ) you should be mostly alright to compete at a regional tournament (where the tests probably won't be difficult enough to stretch your mental abilities re: sickness).
"Ah, that sucks. I'd say if your team is anywhere close to not qualifying and you're not actively throwing up, in an event like WIDI, you're probably needed. If you're feeling really awful, maybe you could come for just that event and leave? Once a kid did that on my team.

Side note:
I am going to attempt to get back to being on Scioly consistently."
"When the new Fire Emblem and Yugioh stop all scioly productivity on your team

Not that I'm complaining, I rolled a Lyn"
thanks for the advice, i am feeling 110% better today though, so ill keepit in mind for future reference.
"Stuck at school and I'm not sure who these people are, but they stole the theatre and are now playing the Pink Panther theme.
I think it's the middle school band??

Edit: I think it's a competition???"

"THIS IS SO FUNNY

Reminds me of when one of my teammates said ""Girls can't do as well in build events because they aren't as good"" and I proceeded to get almost 3 times his bridge building score."
Meh, not really. More depressing than funny.

"My Rocks students got 1st place in a regionals competition with 117 teams.

Words cannot describe the emotion I feel right now."
This gives me life!
"This would totally be you.

and me XD"
reGIONALS IS ALREADY OVER IM SO SAD IT WAS SO FUN
"Now that I take some time to look at it, the 40 minute lunch period seems to be somewhat common in Ohio.

Also, Bree Serif is the best font."
100000th!
What are all of your most time consuming SciOly events? For me, it would have to be towers or invasive species. It takes 5-7 hours to build a tower, with 1-2 every week. Invasive species, my binder has finally concluded, with hundreds of hours poured in.
Electric Vehicle/ other vehicle events for sure for me. The construction, plus so much testing, takes up a ton of time. Invasives took a while at first to get the binder together, but it's better now having done it before and having a binder.
Well something's off....
Not a bad serifed font -- I do think it's trying a little too hard -- but your mistake occurred when you suggested a serifed font could be the best font, especially on web. My personal font of choice is Montserrat, but I'm certainly open to similar sans serifs.
Depending on the year, I've spent varying time on events. One year I spent a lot of time on Simple Machines, the year before Wheeled Vehicle, and so on. But I would say I spent more time on events I was had an interest in, and that I was good at. Overall, I've probably dedicated the most time to Anatomy. Hours a day preparing for competing and coaching.
Not very many time consuming ones this season, besides my binder events, but man, I did bridges last year. 5 hours every day.
last year fossils took a long time to transfer everything from each source for each fossil, and then combine two binders together on google drive (@ento) :// bottle rockets takes a long time to build but honestly not that long for a build event because most of it is just figuring out how to improve. optics takes a while to practice and get perfect lss scores for each barrier possibility imo
I'm tired of doing schoolwork that I absolutely despise. Why do I have to write English essays anyway???
urgghhh me too
"So, at my regional comp this Sunday, we (I kid you not) aren't allowed to wear shoes for building events. I mean, what about the kids doing Scrambler? What if the weight fell on their foot?

edit: clarification"
What was the reason for that rule? Shoes seem like a pretty odd thing to prohibit.
"HAHAHAHAHA
Are you serious??? Did they explain why? Did they force everyone to take off their shoes?"
Apparently we have to wear socks, and it's something about there being a new floor (but I mean there's still gonna be vehicles and other stuff on it so ummm) it's all very weird .
The new floor thing, that's understandable. Facilities requirements can be very strict. We weren't allowed to put tape on the floor of the gym used for Wright Stuff for our invitational because they just replaced the floor earlier this year.
I guess so, I just feel like vehicles rolling over it would be just as bad oh well... should be fun
"Oh, I misread you at first. I thought you were referring to a past competition, as if you showed up and were immediately told that you had to remove your shoes.

Even still, that's really crazy, but I guess I understand."
Can't wait for this Valentine's Day butterfly to be over with.
I agree
"Looking for a way to distract yourself from the ridiculousness of 2/14?

So you want to get exalted medals?

Trying to ignore other responsibilities like school or studying for Science Olympiad?

The wiki Needs Work!"
*raises hand*

"Wind Power joke:

Make sure that the CDs you use don't have any songs or videos on them. The extra data makes the CD heavier."
One time while waiting for practice for optics and wind power, I started the practice of labeling the CDs with random things like "George's Baby Pictures," "Summer Hits 2002," and "Amy's clarinet solo 7th grade winter concert."
Actually, the blade will do better if you burn 12 copies of Kanye West's Power onto it
And a complete Afroman Mixtape
"We could put this wind power informational tutorial on it instead:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ

Also, my wind power teammate and I have a running joke where we use dark colored blades whenever possible. They absorb photons from any nearby light, and therefore go faster. Those extra photons provide a huge advantage."
I'm stealing this.
I already use old TurboTax discs, but I guess I could use another way to spice it up.
Lol once for Wind Power I donated CDs I had used for my recorded seating auditions in orchestra and when I brought them in, one of my teammates decided to play the recordings out loud through his computer
Here's a meme
"what if i use all 3

Div c reg in 3 days!"
guess you have three brains then
Pro Tip: watching through the entire series of Scrubs is good training for Disease Detectives
Hey does anybody know the password to the 2017 MIT Invitational tests
The password for the MIT tests isn't made public until after nationals.
>tfw an invitational literally copies your astronomy test for their invite -_-
I should start writing tests
This speaks to my very soul lol
"If you are bored please help us fix the wiki math equations!

So apparently it was a LaTex change that was not documented that caused issues. Math tags should now use rather than <math>EQUATION</math>.

Please edit the wiki as you come across the issues so that they are fixed!"

"I have a week off... might as well
**update** it looks like most of the wiki is fixed already v.v I'm too late"
"Just signed up to volunteer (no pun intended) at the TN state tournament. I have never felt more proud of myself.


*reads through previous YDRC posts*

Yes, definitely make sure that absolutely NOTHING is on that CD. It's not like a laser etches the CD when data is written on it, am I right?"
Today I was doing a kick, and I hit my nose with my knee
This comment is too close to home.
"A while ago I said that my Div C team had awful team culture.

I'm pleased and estatic to say that I was wrong."
*Ecstatic
The nerd feeling is real when you write a Python program to compute a value for you instead of plugging it into your graphing calculator
the color of the test on thsi forum is blue
i programmed a TI-BASIC 4-function calculator onto my calculator
I use 2.
Is it this tough everywhere, or just in NJ?
PA has been gradually filling in supervisors. Division B was missing 5 or 6 last week but now they're only missing 2.
Dang--we get event supervisors 6-7 months before regionals...
"Your regional tournament is upwards of 4 times larger than the largest regions in many states, so there's plenty of interest in the area - most places have a lot more spots to fill per size of the program in the area.

Plus you have Caltech's 80+ volunteers (<- last I heard, not sure exactly how large it is) relatively nearby."
That moment when you are sort of tempted to fly out to NJ to run Exp Des, but you know. Money.
Nope; just in NJ. Because of our horrible state bureaucracy.
It's tough everywhere. In competitive/high team density regions, there's a lot of competent (and passionate!) supervisors but a lot more tournaments than them, nonetheless. It's hard to fill everything. In less competitive/lower team density regions, there's not a lot of good supervisors...sometimes, it's by choice, though. I was in a region once where coaches weren't event supervisors...ever. Needless to say, they were short.
My 400th post is a meme. Why am I not surprised...
"My computer restarted when I shut it and I lost all my tabs, some of which I've had since October or November...

It's so hard to say goodbye to yesterday..."
im going to do this on the first day of the month in march so i can say ive had tabs open since last month
Anyone want to help me learn 2 do Anatomy and WIDI in one month??
I would, but I also don't know how to Anatomy or WIDI.
The (useful) forums have been approximately 12% more active so far this season than they were up to this point last season
That positive growth!!!
Schrödinger's cat walks into a bar, and also walks out at the same time.
Wkipedia for anatomy and practice for WIDI.
So yesterday was Regionals for Eastern Long Island... Neil Mehta said some of you guys missed me? I'm wondering what happened to the photo
I know the 2015 nationals opening ceremony got a lot of crap, but I actually really like the music during the parade of states and go back to listen to it every so often. It makes the tournament seem really grand and stuff...
tfw you've been on this site for over a year and just now figured out what the beakers on the side of each forum mean
I understand the blue, but red isn't on the scale for bromothymol blue. Maybe there is phenolphthalein, too?
Phenol red and Bromothymol blue? Dw I just figured out the beakers too
My astro teacher showed a video that used a song from CoD 4. I'm kind of proud how quickly I could ID it.
"2016 Prediction Contest Results!

bernard, do you have a table like in 2015? I don't remember any of my predictions (and I didn't save the PM)"
astro teacher O_O I'm jealous
"Event scores were calculated using events in the wrong order and are now fixed. Thanks to EastStroudsburg13 for pointing it out.

The page used for the contest is still up so you can check your submission (pasted below) there. Note the teams are not perfectly alphabetized...
CODE: SELECT ALL
B4642523913164251120516065206135516423952065555
C1354471006540605101643250653534353264310164454
B16175205425539264306
C06054744534326285416"
If you spent one day in the class, you would certainly not be jealous.
I no longer have the last post in the 2016 forums :/
#adminabuse
"#modsarepowercrazy

#longlivetherevolution"
Hey, at least you didn't get cut off by a regular user...
"Gonna add to this since you're in optics:

We are on a telescope unit, and today we had a lab finding the focal length of lenses. But my teacher refuses to draw a distinction between image distance and focal length. We used candles less than a meter away to find ""focal length."" Literally drove me insane. Literally. Like Literally. Literally literary."
I have my first time volunteering at a tournament tomorrow. Anything I should know beforehand?
"Depends on what you are doing at the tournament tomorrow. So, what are you doing?

(I've done quite a few invitationals so far and I'm volunteering at a state tournament tomorrow)"
From looking at what you're doing, basically just do what people say (and don't think too hard about it), since it doesn't look like you're doing anything as an independent part of the tournament (i.e. test writing). If you're grading, do what you can to make it go well (some tournaments are rather unusual about grading...). Assuming you're still planning on being in the area for college, just keep the people above you impressed and noticing you (for good reasons of course ).
If it's for B, tell them everything many, many times and reinforce it because middle schoolers don't know anything.
Volunteering is pretty fun, I'd have to say. I got to meet kenniky (kinda) and antoine_ego today! It turns out my team isn't the only one that draws our reactions to how we did in events on the white/blackboard in the homeroom on competition day.
Definitely not (though we picked it up from LASA after nationals last year).
Pls our team has done it for a loooooong time
My team did it the first year it was established! I remember our national whiteboard at UCF with the timing of and the people in each event with god awful SciOly puns.
FTFY
States is in 3 weeks but it still feels like too soon...
"I wish I was thereeeeeeee
The pink panther theme is jazz life"
Ikr, it's like time is running out like water through a strainer
"I know I'm in too deep when I have memorized the schedules of all 90 students on the Div B team I coach and can recognize who is who based on event combo.

Keep working at it!! Hope your Bottle Rocket got better; I heard about the mishap with switching..."
"Tested a new plane for wright stuff today! It was doing very well until I discovered a break in a wing spar. The plane then proceeded to hit in ceiling and crashed into the bleachers which took off the covering The good news is, the covering didn't rip and the plane was supposed to be a backup.

Two weeks till states... yay?"
My teammates were testing their helicopter yesterday and not only did the rotors detach from the rest of it, but the Mylar ripped and one of the spars cracked... and states is on Saturday. Thank goodness for super glue, I guess...
Thank god I don't do builds. I'd be a nervous wreck every time I tested something.
Haha, after doing my first build this year I'm not sure if I'd want to do another
Sooooo.....do the mods have any plans for April Fools this year?
No. What is this "April Fools" you speak of?
Surprisingly no. Bernard said that he didn't want any mod shenanigans this year. Looks like you're in charge of April Fools, Karp.






































































































































































































































21000th reply!
I just learned how to get scores early and now I feel like a criminal...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YmSKCbTFcJE
"We're gonna straighten you out!"
How do you get scores early?
"https://earlyscores.com

Unfortunately, if you're in Division B you're a little bit too early."
Another website that works (and it's really pretty!)
Happy Tanabata to those who are Japanese and/or know what that is.
@uber
I can't believe someone would do something so mean as to make fun of uber
Yes what kind of horrible C-division student from Texas could do such a thing
Hmmm, I wonder...
17 times. ;-;
Can somebody please explain to me what a bot is?
In the context of the forums, it's a program run by some entity that creates an account and does stuff, typically to advertise.
THERE ARE 4 STATES (EXCLUDING VERMONT) WHO HAVE NOT MEDALED AT NATIONALS IN THE LAST FIVE YEARS: (CLICK TO SHOW HIDDEN TEXT)
slyvia plath's writing is absolutely gorgeous
Recently I've been developing a scoresheet which combines the best team's ranks in each event with the worst team's, the 2nd best with the 2nd worst, and so forth. I take both teams ranks per event, work out the average, and after I do that for all 30, I rank those averages. I use the 2017 National B scoresheet, and at the time of writing, I have completed A&P through Optics.
Not sure I understood this completely lol
The new year starts the day after Nationals; extrapolate from there
"ahhhh this makes much more sense now.
To fill in: I was not there."
"stay e7mo

7 min until 5:45"
This video reminds me of Fermi Questions.
Pro-tip, if everytime you feel feverish, your cheap digital thermometer(s) tell you your temperature is normal or even low, maybe start to question their accuracy. You might just measure 102+F on a doctors' office one. I wonder how many times before I was actually running a fever.
"Huh when was the image gallery revived? I never checked it for a while

EDIT: Nvm you can't upload anything"
What's the most national tournaments that one person has competed in? I suppose 7 is the max, but I doubt that's ever happened.
"I'd say it's very likely that there's someone who has competed in 7 national tournaments. There are probably at least a few competitors from Yankton who've done it.

Also, competitors in lower grade levels than 6th can compete, though this is typically more common with homeschool teams."
Who knew coin collecting could be so involved!
I am getting the feeling that my days as the top poster on the site are numbered.
After reading the Bog Body wikipedia page, I now wish to be buried in a peat bog.
The event list for my state just came out (http://www.sciencenc.com/2018FinalListofEvents.pdf) and theres an event listed for B and C called "ping pong parachute." It appears to be a real event, not trial. Does anyone know what it is?
It's most definitely an NC event. I've never heard of it, nor does it appear on the NSO list of trial events.
"Oh man... NCSO, you're a special one.

EDIT: One year NSO should, unannounced, just replace all the events at nats with the weird trials certain states treat like they're real events (WGYN, Mystery Design, Ping Pong, etc). Would be really entertaining."
And this is why you will never be director of NSO
"Just you wait. NC is hosting nats in 2020.

Until then I'll just enjoy our ~3 NC-only events and complete lack of fermi questions."
"What are the other two?

EDIT: Oh, wait, it's WGYN and Mystery Design, isn't it."
"No, its Amazing Mechatronics (basically troubleshooting arduinos, I think) and Codebusters

What is WGYN?"
I love Codebusters! I believe WGYN is we got your number. I think TX had it last year.
"Dear wiki,
Happy national girlfriend's day!
Love,
Neil"
Niki
"Dear me, myself, and I,

Happy Girlfriend's Day

Love Fib, Fabby, and Nacci"
Can't even read scioly news without my middle school's alums' names getting dropped
Y'all I just realized that lumosityfan won Teen Jeopardy in 2014... along with $75,000...
Wait really? That's amazing!!
"Update, for anyone intersted: I've been thinking about this and it dawned on me that it's probably a version of the egg bottle rocket event, where the egg is replaced with a ping pong ball and parachutes are mandatory.

BUT I'm just speculating."
Yep can confirm
^ (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_6UELT_qBQM)
Y'know, Long Island is one of those places where you can enjoy both cold and iced lattes from Starbucks...
Severely underrated parts of college: having easy access to a university library. Public libraries pretty much never have the non-fiction books I want anymore.
I'm shocked at the cold spell we're having. It's the middle of August.
What cold spell? It's 93 degrees outside!
Where do you live? Death Valley?
viewtopic.php?f=21&t=10743#p316602
"This morning I went for a run and my breath came out in little white puffs.
It's freezing."
How early in the morning was that? It was already 71º when I went for a run at 8:30 this morning, and that's hot for running.
I think around 7:30 ish.
Just put up 35 SO posters around the school. Turns out a very good way to build finger calluses is to pull old staples out of MDF strips.
Guys what if North Korea actually bombs us tho: http://abcnews.go.com/International/tru ... d=49123733
"I was thinking about this and realized...
How'd you know it was Lumosityfan?"
And you say you don't have any arm strength...
"2018 trial event: Stopping an ICBM.
Teams must invent and build a device that can prevent a North Korean Intercontinental Ballistic Missile from detonating on US soil. Teams may use store-bought missile defense technology, but they must establish at least one functional modification.

On an unrelated note, is there a thread about this year's SOSI (and any takeaways/revelations from it)?"
I believe they weren't allowed to have one. Link
I think I met him irl before figuring out who he was on scioly.org but ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
His profile has links to his Twitter and Facebook.
Is the use of hydrazine fuel and beryllium alloy, both toxic, allowed?
But you have to pay all the fines whether it works or not.

Weba Panda!
Panda!!!!
The restrictions on our school-managed Google accounts are actually more restrictive than not being logged on at all - it won't allow viewing of any outside data, including link-shared Google Drive files.
Are you safe yet?
"There's always the threat of some miscreant placing online games on Weebly (which would be ironic since, as of the Edmodo data breach, all teachers now use personal websites to communicate with students, many of which are hosted on Weebly). I discovered this block while attempting to find a way to view our intro meeting presentation at school.

When I was in 8th grade, the school provided us each iPads (no idea why iPads specifically, they were pretty useless since you can't do any real work). Every app had to be pre-approved, so you would think there was no way to access the internet - until someone found a way to do so via a link to the curriculum vitae of one of the developers on the credits page of the calculator app."
"Can a member of the ento cult explain* to me what the appeal of ento is? It seems like it would be lots of memorization to me.

*without roasting me please"
Worry not; the mods shall protect you in your quest.
mfw these freshies are trying to measure the room volume manually instead of just counting the floor and wall tiles.
Wow.
"Just was looking at the usergroups and noticed: User of the Month?
What is UotM?"
It was a thing that happened once (~2012-2013) that no longer happens.
What's the big deal about the upcoming eclipse? Anyone who cares about the moon is a lunatic.
Tell that one to the Astronomy people.
"Harder Optics:
Students must shine a laser through a cube lined with glass on the inside to try to hit a point on any of the sides."
Looks like our football team is back to normal - first game was a 54-30 loss.
Yep... those "what is defense" feels.
I'm not sure if our football team scored more than 30 points last season
"It's funny because I'm missing out on the eclipse, but I'm not feeling super disappointed...hopefully I'm not getting too into theory...never! Luckily, the astro community is big and lots of involved/not involved people can come together. I'm happy at least it's for a solar eclipse and not another supermoon...

Disclaimer: I guess I am not some da-star-dly, lunatic Astronomy person, surprise!"
"It was a pun lol
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Luna"
"Rank the best Science Olympiad teams ever!

Division C
Division B

Let me know what teams should get added to these lists."
"Way simpler to just rank them here rather than trying to navigate that site. I'm ranking based on team strength and length of time, with more recent strength weighted more.

Div B:
1. Solon
2. JC Booth
3. Thomas Jefferson
4. Daniel Wright
5. Winston Churchill
6. WW-P Community
7. Meads Mill
8. Arden
9. Beckendorff
10. Marie Murphy
11. Magsig
12. Paul J .Gelinas
13. Muscatel
14. Piedmont
15. Longfellow
16. Springhouse
17. Ladue
18. Eagle Hill
19. ExCEL Homeschoolers
20. Arendell Parrott
21. Shady Side
22. A.W. Coolidge
23. Chardon
24. Jay M. Robinson

Div C:
1. Troy
2. Harriton
3. Solon
4. Grand Haven
5. Centerville
6. Fayetteville-Manlius
7. Mira Loma
8. Penncrest
9. Mounds View
10. LASA
11. Northville
12. New Trier
13. Stevenson
14. Clements
15. Boca Raton
16. Acton-Boxborough
17. Ladue Horton Watkins
18. Pembroke Hill"
Actually a tough call. Irmo C has one of the best runs in SO history (top 3 in 8 straight years) but it's hard to compare the early days to now. I'd probably rank them somewhere in the top 20, but probably short of the top 10. Still an intriguing sort of question.
"""The new and improved site will launch in a week or so.""
- My state's website, 3 weeks ago."
"""Past State Tournament Results will be posted soon! Please stay tuned!""
-My state's website 1 year ago. (though past tournament results can be found elsewhere)"
That's why I don't do anything. If you never promise anything, no one will have anything to expect from you.
We're eternally a week late getting things out for our invitational (including registration, which I really should get back to finishing... hopefully by the end of this week?)
The site is more of a poll. You can select the up arrow if you think "so-and-so team" should be ranked higher, or the down arrow if you think they should be ranked lower.
Last week and a half of a very successful wiki drive! Check out updated results for August and overall, and see what still needs to get done!
Whoops, my resume says I've been doing Science Olympiad since 2001...
If my scioly.org account is my most active social media account, should I be updating my state to reflect where I really am, or where I'm active in scioly?
Just found out how to edit the subject!
When regional schedules come out and they're such a mess....ah...
"viewtopic.php?f=21&t=200
Ha! Shortest Sassy game ever! The second reply was the correct accusation!"
One in every 5.27 posts I have are helpful. I think I'm on General Chat too often.
I'm only on General Chat
Harvard is hosting an invitational!
Oh man. That was before my time but I remember how much poor kube got ribbed for that game.
On Saturday, January 28th, 2018?
Nah, on Sunday; Saturdays are for the boys, don't you know.
Plot twist: the boys are at Harvard
Back from my hiatussssss
Welcome back - the more the merrier!
Thanks!
Today I saw a truck from Orkin and I really wanted to tell them thanks for sponsoring invasive species...
School is starting in pretty much a week... yay for scioly also starting soon?
...And breathe! Every Ivy League school now has either an established invitational or one in the works.
"2018 Event Logistics chart posted, though personally I'd take anything on here with a grain of salt. It's pretty accurate on prep time in my experience, but in many cases suggests far more helpers than is really needed at most tournaments (for study events - it's pretty accurate for builds). In addition, the Bio events tend to include a lot of luxuries under ""Minimum Suggested Supplies"" - how many times have you actually seen a Microbes or A&P test with microscopes, specimens, slides, or models?

Also, there's one typo that I've noticed - Fermi Questions is listed as a Div B event."
"Interesting that they've revealed some of mousetrap vehicle already:
""16 ounce plastic cups""
""manufacturer voltage must be clearly labeled""
""target distance""

Sounds like it could be similar to EV in terms of curving between cups. Not sure how the voltage comes into play."
If I recall correctly, the 2011 rules had the vehicle push a cup forward and then move backward to a point. That could be what the cup is for.
Halfway through my 3rd week. On a happy note, interest meeting was today!
Are you starting a team?
"Science Olympiad orientation is next Tuesday here!
I can almost smell the fresh sleep deprivation and caffeine that is to come soon."
"The future date means this can't ever be marked as read.

Edit: It also means that this is eternally the last post.

Edit 2: However, my post is still showing up on the main page as the most recent post."
"Hey, I've been to that library. It's very nice.

Also, it's funny to think that at Nats 2020, around mid-morning there will be a bunch of sciolyers whipping out their phones on their way to events to frantically try to be the first to pass Bernard's legendary comment. Actually, I imagine that someone who isn't at Nats will be the one who does it, since they're less likely to be busy."
Great. Now the admin is using his abilities to take over the date system. :/ On another note, the Hunt library is wonderful.
So if I bookmark this I'm going to get a notification for two posts every time someone posts once?
Coming home from a trip to Grand Teton National Park, not long after I had re-entered Idaho, I noticed a sign that read: Invasive Species Prohibited. Unsurprisingly, our state still ran the event.
smh I'll be in class when the rules come out . Apparently they're released at 9:00 central on 9/5 (and I wanted to pull a midnight to get them...). Oh well.
It's past 19 years later people, we're living post book canon. And now I'm going to rewatch A Very Potter Musical.
"Apparently robots can communicate in shorthand too...
http://www.independent.co.uk/life-style ... 69706.html"
"╒╦╕╒╦╕
╘╩╛╘╩╛
Alt code fun!"
You know there are some times where it's appropriate and possibly necessary to cut class...
"I used to do building events...
I still do, but I used to, too."

"Top 3 users all-time in helpful posts; to qualify, users must be 3 months active. Users displayed 1st, followed by 2nd, then 3rd.
AND HERE WE GO! (CLICK TO SHOW HIDDEN TEXT)"
I wonder how many people are sitting at a computer right now, waiting for the rules to be released...
"3, 2, 1

f5 f5 f5 f5 f5"
"Rules are out!

Nice to see that they've done away with the sheet protector ban that was in the draft rules. Also, the wording on calculators has been changed from ""dedicated calculator"" (draft rules) to ""calculator ... dedicated to computation"", which makes things a lot clearer."
We've got a lot of updates following the rollover. Follow us on Facebook not to miss out!
Gone are the days of typing the entire ED rubric into your calculator.
I had packets ran by 9:10. #TehHerpCult
Congrats to maxxxxx, samlan16, and Person for receiving the grand and honorable award of medals at this year's Illinois 2014 competition!
Thank goodness, I need something to add to my resume.
<reads the definition of Illinois 2014 and thinks people are weird>
"But wouldn't a lot of tradition be considered to be ""weird"" to those who don't quite share in the interest/spirit/knowledge?

All that aside, go to question marathons! Thermodynamics needs some qs answered and my Thermo skills are nonexistent for the most part haha."
Happy birthday, InfiniCuber!
urgh same
Oops wrong thread...
But now that you've realized that, can't you just move it to the correct thread?
"young'ns these days, don't remember the good 'ol times of the first Illinois 2015 thread.

In other news, this meme truly is me in real life..."
"Most Relatable Scioly Meme Award goes to...
Karp!"
and for even more memes make sure to join SOMFNMPT on facebook
"Yeah...truth is, I stole it...

(It was on the Facebook group meme trade, I think maxxxxx made it? I just found it too relatable not to repost it here, lmao)"
"1. I don't have facebook.
2. What does SOMFNMPT stand for?"
Science Olympiad Memes for Nerdy Modeled Pro-teens
Well now, I may be related to texas in more ways than one...
"I can relate to the one that john posted a couple days ago on a deep, personal level (https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid ... pe=3&ifg=1).

I really need to get Facebook, but I know my mom would kill me if I did .

(is it just me, or did anyone else notice that John's FB profile pic is him shirtless with all of his medals???)"
"I saw that too, and was thinking, ""What?"" and ""Hngh?"" and ""Why?""
*Tailsfan101 is confused"
You do you.
But there's that one with his doggo wearing the medals instead, and John is fully clothed. I like that one more, not because John has a shirt, but simply because of the doggo.
mnstrviola is hella cool..............!!! SMASH that like button if u agree
"Some interesting lines from our Science Research class today:

Q: ""What are the outer banks of North Carolina prone to?
Response: ""Uhhh.. Earthquakes? No, no, it's hurricanes... Oh, wait, solar eclipses!""

Q: ""Why do hurricanes not form in the Arctic?""
""Because all the water is frozen!""

Q: ""If there is a bed of clay there, what does that tell you? Come on, clay plus flooding""
""Uh... Glass(?)"""
When you're from NC and you hear that the Outer Banks are prone to solar eclipses and earthquakes... :/
"The outer banks are always approximately one Irma away from becoming a pile of sand...
Nice beaches though."
I don't see anything wrong with the second one. The water IS frozen there, meaning there's no energy to power the hurricane.
Yes! This spanish textbook includes vocab for negative qualities! <3 <3
Simplify 2i<6u.
The way they said it implied that it was literally all ice (made more sense in context whoops)
"When Hovercraft is less popular on your team than Remote Sensing (3 people to 2)

Disclaimer: Remote Sensing is better than Hovercraft anyway"
.......since no one smAsHed, i'll smash it myself!!!!!!! mnstrviola is hands down my fav person on this forum : ) ))) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) )
"lmao WHO DID THIS!!??

smh no laughing-while-crying emoji"
When you realized that MIT signups closed in 4 min.
The entire thing, or the 15 teams? (it seems fast for the former but slow for the latter)
Rumor has it <2 minutes for double, 4-6 minutes overall
I should start putting watermarks on them
tfw you think you lost a school library book after less than two weeks of school
Why am I up so late?
2018 Brochure posted
Seattle Symphony this week!
Ha! Try to decode this!
"""Ha! Try to decode this! 2018 Treasure Valley Homeschool (Division B)""

nice try"
Try to decode what?
Well, obviously you just decoded it.
Did we decode it?
⠀

Yay! I got my events! (See signature for details)
Guess what concert I'm going to tonight!
"Good news: got a 35 on the ACT
Bad news: got a 35 on the ACT"
Fun fact: when I got a 35, I had crapped my pants during the test. I thought I could hold out until the break but fell 10 minutes short.
"Unome: Congrats!

John: WHAT"
Are there any other states with Codebusters as an event? Or even as a trial?
It's a trial event in Texas
Why does NC think it's so special... :/
"I guess they just want to introduce students to the cutting-edge field of ancient cryptography.... *eyeroll*

But please, spare us from any compsci events."
"Good news: Tryouts start tomorrow!
Bad news: I haven't really studied. Whoops. RIP me."
Winston Chuchill MS went from 4th at nats to 40th at nats between 1993 and 1994. That's pretty crazy.
That might actually be an error in the wiki: this from SOINC.org suggests they might have actually gotten 5th.
MAHLER 2!!!!
Why would I be thoroughly unsurprised by this...
People these days...
"*goes to orchestra professor's office to sign up for an audition for next semester*
*sees a sign up with names on it outside door*
*goes into professor's office*
Me: ""hey, professor __! Are the sign ups on the front for seating auditions or for Spring 2018?""
Prof: ""spring 2018""
Me: ""OK I'll go sign up""
Prof: (at whispering volume) ""YES!""

Cute moment ^-^

(It's bc I'm not in orchestra this semester due to conflicts with other classes that unfortunately took more precedence)"
Found a scioly discord from the subreddit from a few days ago if anyone's interested: https://discord.gg/stvmUbm
What's this for?
How Not to Land an Orbital Rocket Booster
Oh, hey, that trick actually worked: I suspect I didn't actually wake up but was in another dream, so I pulled a card out of my wallet, memorized an arbitrary number on it, looked away, and it changed when I looked back. Thus I had more evidence I was still dreaming.
[B]"AND THE 2018-2019 DIVISION C EVENTS HAVE BEEN ANNOUNCED. THEY ARE:[/B] (CLICK TO SHOW HIDDEN TEXT)
And NC is actually doing Ping Pong Parachute and Code Busters...
Represent!
"Speaking of rockets, orbital systems, and recent events,

Did you know a theoretical strategic nuclear exchange between the US and Russia might not completely wipe out life on Earth? I find that mildly comforting."
I just started listening to Blackmill, and I've never been more productive.
I haven't been here in a year! Hello again, I feel old now.
In that case, you probably don't recognize me, the young naive rookie.
I remember lying about my age to make my account in sixth grade and feeling like such a rebel. And now I'm the weird graduate who is trying to relive her glory Scioly years.
You probably don’t recognize me either, because I’m younger than Tailfan101.
FTFY
Wow I'm bad at everything today. Sorry about that
"Even at breathing? Even at moving? Even at KEEPING YOUR HEART PUMPING?
EDIT: Sorry if I went a bit overkill."
Happy?
"Real science hours

who up"
So I decided to take Russian in college and there's so much busy work...
Science Olympiad Dream Journal: Last night I had a nightmare where I couldn't figure out whether it was May and this upcoming season was already over or if it was October and I still had the season ahead of me.
Terrifying indeed.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9yUZTTLpDtk
I have 4 college applications due this weekend, so naturally I’ve been working on literally anything except them.
Where are you applying to?
The list is (too) long. I miscounted, this weekend is UNC, NCSU, and Georgia Tech.
Glad to see that I'm not the only person with this problem.
Ah, good ole GA Tech being due two weeks earlier and getting back two months later than every other Early Action school. Good luck!
@ sophomores and juniors: were the PSAT memes any good this year? I really miss them.
Good point, whatever happened to those?
The memes were quite excellent, in my opinion slightly better than last year
I'm a poor judge of memes, but they made my day after I bombed the reading section. Especially since I bombed the reading section.
Ahh missed the A team by three people
A whole week without YDRC??? No way...
Darn, I tried to read this thread from the beginning and died after 30 pages
I did that too and got to 141 I think..
The page range of roughly 700-1100 is the best part.
In an earlier post, you said you got seven hours of scioly a week. How do you do this, when you also read through about 400 pages of random comments?
"Simple, he counts that as studying.

Also I think I found how I'm going to procrastinate studying for my two midterms on Friday..."
"I read through YDRC several years ago, when I studied less. I've pretty much wrung out everything useful from past forum posts by this point.

Also, where did you come up with 7 hours a week? That was more like first semester of 9th grade..."
I'm gonna guess you must have posted about it at some point
Seven hours a week is just around an hour a day, which is pretty easy if you can figure out how to study during class time or if you can get study sets on your phone.
Ideally, we'd spend 7 hours a day because scioly is the best
I study 7 hours every six-hour cycle, you?
Darn, I feel inferior
*sigh* building a tournament schedule is a huge pain
Which tournament? (also, ikr)
Purdue West Laff Regional Tournament (I'm one of the organization's officers this year)
when you somehow jump to become the technicals person on the team because nobody wants to do builds and the study events you want are taken by upperclassmen
I find this really unfortunate...
you guys call them technicals? we call them builds lol, but apparently solon calls them mechanicals
You too stalk Solon's website?
I see, I read, I medal
- antoine_ego crossing the Rubicon that is the Ohio River
"Don't you mean the Colorado?

(Btw, I absolutely love the reference)"
"Y'all, this is gonna sound weird, but here goes:

So I used this site a long time ago, and I was very immature on here. I used anonymity as an excuse to be rude. I know that most of the people that used this site when I did probably aren't on here anymore, but if you were and I offended you in any way, I sincerely apologize. I also specifically apologize for my homophobic comments on the Newsgathering thread a while back. It makes me so sick to think of some of the things I said then.

I am a very different person now than I was then, and I hope that my time on this site didn't hurt anyone too badly, I know that people were hurt. And I'm sorry."
"Hi, I remember you from a long while ago. I can't speak for really anyone, but I only have fond memories of this place and I'd like to think the forums are happy enough that anything negative is outweighed. Probably most people you and I interacted with have moved on, it's so long in the past.

Good to see you're moving on as well, and I also wish the best for the people you've directed your post to."
"I actually got redirected to the Newsgathering thread, where I did indeed find your comment.

People do things they don't want to remember. There will always be something you look back, five years later, and ask yourself, ""what the <censored> was I thinking?"" Although I do feel a bit disgusted by what your comment said, it doesn't really matter. To become a more tolerant person, by itself, is something miraculous and is probably something we should all aspire to do.

It's nice to see that the world isn't inherently intolerant."
"Welcome back, even if briefly - though hopefully not, the wiki needs some work.

/begin rant
Is that all it takes? ""Homophobic"" clearly no longer has any real meaning anymore...
/end rant"
What did you expect? A visit to the church, "Forgive me Father, for I have sinned?" Twenty years of labor in the Siberian gulag? Not defending his/her comments, (I have several friends who have different gender identities, and I will physically fight anyone who disrespects them for their gender), but I appreciate what he/she has done. The fact that he/she recognized their past and acknowledged it as wrong is already impressive to me - most people's egos wouldn't allow that in a thousand years. We shouldn't hold all edgy teens responsible for what they say.
Oh, clearly my rant can across wrong - sorry. I was saying that what I could see of the posts wasn't homophobic in any meaningful sense of the word.
Hmm, From what I could see it wasn't outright homophobic, but that, too could be subject to interpretation. Sorry, your comment was a bit ambiguous
What does "drop" mean in the context of scioly? Like, to not medal?
Yeah. In most cases, that would signify a place >6, although I think NY gives ribbons to tenth place?
Many regionals in NY count only a team's best events, typically dropping the 2-4 lowest from counting toward the team rank.
For MA, they announce 7-10, give ribbons for 4-6 and medals for 1-3.
In NY, the number of medals depends on the number of teams at the regional - it's set by policy based on the number of teams registered by some date in December. Roughly, regionals in the range of 25-40 or so teams will award through 6th, 40-50 or so will award through 8th, and larger will award through 10th (just estimating based on what I can remember though).
I always assumed a "drop" meant not competing in an event. #badteamproblems
(This year we medaled to ten for 39 teams in DivB)
Yeah, for my team "drop" meant that we wouldn't compete in the event and it wouldn't count towards our score
>tfw you competed in PA and all events counted towards the team's score
"They do?
Even trial events?"
"I wasn't including trial events. Some states such as NY allowed teams to count trial events towards their team score if they dropped other events (although I think this was discontinued).

As it were, trial events weren't a thing at our regionals, so..."
"Yeah that's what I thought..
Just making sure."
Tfw instead of studying for a history test you read Assassination threads
"Trying to, in no particular order, publish research, run an invite, apply for grad schools, write tests, and get money is hard...

I wish I could post more >.<"
Darn, being an adult seems hard
The benefit of our SO team not getting much funding from the school means that we aren't dependent on outside funding, and therefore are less affected when budget problems arise.
The downside of our SO team not getting much funding from the school means that we can't afford to attend as many invites as we'd like because we'd have to pay for it all out of pocket.
Mhmm. Enjoy not being one while you can.
Same here, would be nice to be able to afford another out-of-state (though undoubtedly you all have it harder in NC).
I can't name a team that gets funding from their school tbh
Are you sure you know what your team does/doesn't get? There may be more than you realize.
As far as I know, new members pay a fixed due at the beginning that pays for WSSL buses (weird MA thing) and the buses to our state tournament. All invite buses are paid for out of pocket. What would funding from the school look like anyways, besides buses? All build materials are paid for out of pocket.
Buses are pretty substantial. It's possible there's something for involved teachers, though I can't think of anything off the top of my head.
There was at least one case where alumni donate to the school so much that the team's whole trip to Nats was paid.
"Most schools allocate some portion of their budget to extracurriculars, which then gets split up further. Generally I assume it's to cover operational costs mostly, but sometimes coaches can submit receipts for build purchases or other such expenses to get reimbursements. It's generally not a lot of funding, but I'm willing to guess that more teams get this form of funding than most people realize.

Also, as Unome said, some coaches receive a stipend for taking on the additional responsibility of coaching a team. I'm not sure if it's typically included in the budget or not, though."
Happy birthday to Bryant, founder of YDRC
"META
E
T
A"
Man, Nats 2016 was so great. Even though I loved it at the time, I still wish I had appreciated it more somehow.
Ditto to that (then again I def appreciated it a ton since it was the first time we had made it in many years)
2017 was the first year after a two-year hiatus being in second place at States for us.
lol north got sniped
first meeting outside of school today
OH NO! BIRDS!
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia ... ted_States
"As a result of Wind Power, I now think of all gram masses in terms of CDs.

This weighs 45 grams? Wow, that’s almost 3 CDs!"
Lol the orchestra I was in did multiple rounds of blind seating auditions that were supposed to be recorded on CDs labeled with random numbers. One day, I brought many of my old recorded CDs from these auditions to SciOly one day and was like “I’m donating these to Wind Power” and one of my fellow team captains took one of my CDs, put it in his computer, and played all the tracks out loud. Good thing they sounded alright...
lol
I wonder if it's okay to pronounce YDRM as "yardarm".
Literally unacceptable.
TWA is a three word acronym.
I wonder how many times there hasn't been a daily random comment.
You can also refer to TWAs as TLAs (three letter acronyms) which I find easier to say.
This wordplay must have some sort of name the encompasses it, doesn't it?
Perhaps there's some organization that governs the nomenclature of these acronyms:
Doofenschmirtz Evil Inc.?
Why don't I sleep enough?
Crap Troy's coming to HSNCT I don't know what to think about that.
When Na and Cl mix with U...
Since I have no idea how Roundtables work and this is the only good place to ask, how do I submit a question?
"From the Roundtables:
""Reminder: feel free to PM one of us a question using ""/msg (voiced user) (question)"" and we will respond ASAP"""
"Hey, I've been to that library. It's very nice.

Also, it's funny to think that at Nats 2020, around mid-morning there will be a bunch of sciolyers whipping out their phones on their way to events to frantically try to be the first to pass Bernard's legendary comment. Actually, I imagine that someone who isn't at Nats will be the one who does it, since they're less likely to be busy."
Great. Now the admin is using his abilities to take over the date system. :/ On another note, the Hunt library is wonderful.
So if I bookmark this I'm going to get a notification for two posts every time someone posts once?
Coming home from a trip to Grand Teton National Park, not long after I had re-entered Idaho, I noticed a sign that read: Invasive Species Prohibited. Unsurprisingly, our state still ran the event.
smh I'll be in class when the rules come out . Apparently they're released at 9:00 central on 9/5 (and I wanted to pull a midnight to get them...). Oh well.
It's past 19 years later people, we're living post book canon. And now I'm going to rewatch A Very Potter Musical.
"Apparently robots can communicate in shorthand too...
http://www.independent.co.uk/life-style ... 69706.html"
"╒╦╕╒╦╕
╘╩╛╘╩╛
Alt code fun!"
You know there are some times where it's appropriate and possibly necessary to cut class...
"I used to do building events...
I still do, but I used to, too."
"Hey, I've been to that library. It's very nice.

Also, it's funny to think that at Nats 2020, around mid-morning there will be a bunch of sciolyers whipping out their phones on their way to events to frantically try to be the first to pass Bernard's legendary comment. Actually, I imagine that someone who isn't at Nats will be the one who does it, since they're less likely to be busy."
Great. Now the admin is using his abilities to take over the date system. :/ On another note, the Hunt library is wonderful.
So if I bookmark this I'm going to get a notification for two posts every time someone posts once?
Coming home from a trip to Grand Teton National Park, not long after I had re-entered Idaho, I noticed a sign that read: Invasive Species Prohibited. Unsurprisingly, our state still ran the event.
smh I'll be in class when the rules come out . Apparently they're released at 9:00 central on 9/5 (and I wanted to pull a midnight to get them...). Oh well.
It's past 19 years later people, we're living post book canon. And now I'm going to rewatch A Very Potter Musical.
"Apparently robots can communicate in shorthand too...
http://www.independent.co.uk/life-style ... 69706.html"
"╒╦╕╒╦╕
╘╩╛╘╩╛
Alt code fun!"
You know there are some times where it's appropriate and possibly necessary to cut class...
"I used to do building events...
I still do, but I used to, too."
"Hey, I've been to that library. It's very nice.

Also, it's funny to think that at Nats 2020, around mid-morning there will be a bunch of sciolyers whipping out their phones on their way to events to frantically try to be the first to pass Bernard's legendary comment. Actually, I imagine that someone who isn't at Nats will be the one who does it, since they're less likely to be busy."
Great. Now the admin is using his abilities to take over the date system. :/ On another note, the Hunt library is wonderful.
So if I bookmark this I'm going to get a notification for two posts every time someone posts once?
Coming home from a trip to Grand Teton National Park, not long after I had re-entered Idaho, I noticed a sign that read: Invasive Species Prohibited. Unsurprisingly, our state still ran the event.
smh I'll be in class when the rules come out . Apparently they're released at 9:00 central on 9/5 (and I wanted to pull a midnight to get them...). Oh well.
It's past 19 years later people, we're living post book canon. And now I'm going to rewatch A Very Potter Musical.
"Apparently robots can communicate in shorthand too...
http://www.independent.co.uk/life-style ... 69706.html"
"╒╦╕╒╦╕
╘╩╛╘╩╛
Alt code fun!"
You know there are some times where it's appropriate and possibly necessary to cut class...
"I used to do building events...
I still do, but I used to, too."
"Hey, I've been to that library. It's very nice.

Also, it's funny to think that at Nats 2020, around mid-morning there will be a bunch of sciolyers whipping out their phones on their way to events to frantically try to be the first to pass Bernard's legendary comment. Actually, I imagine that someone who isn't at Nats will be the one who does it, since they're less likely to be busy."
Great. Now the admin is using his abilities to take over the date system. :/ On another note, the Hunt library is wonderful.
So if I bookmark this I'm going to get a notification for two posts every time someone posts once?
Coming home from a trip to Grand Teton National Park, not long after I had re-entered Idaho, I noticed a sign that read: Invasive Species Prohibited. Unsurprisingly, our state still ran the event.
smh I'll be in class when the rules come out . Apparently they're released at 9:00 central on 9/5 (and I wanted to pull a midnight to get them...). Oh well.
It's past 19 years later people, we're living post book canon. And now I'm going to rewatch A Very Potter Musical.
"Apparently robots can communicate in shorthand too...
http://www.independent.co.uk/life-style ... 69706.html"
"╒╦╕╒╦╕
╘╩╛╘╩╛
Alt code fun!"
You know there are some times where it's appropriate and possibly necessary to cut class...
"I used to do building events...
I still do, but I used to, too."
"Hey, I've been to that library. It's very nice.

Also, it's funny to think that at Nats 2020, around mid-morning there will be a bunch of sciolyers whipping out their phones on their way to events to frantically try to be the first to pass Bernard's legendary comment. Actually, I imagine that someone who isn't at Nats will be the one who does it, since they're less likely to be busy."
Great. Now the admin is using his abilities to take over the date system. :/ On another note, the Hunt library is wonderful.
So if I bookmark this I'm going to get a notification for two posts every time someone posts once?
Coming home from a trip to Grand Teton National Park, not long after I had re-entered Idaho, I noticed a sign that read: Invasive Species Prohibited. Unsurprisingly, our state still ran the event.
smh I'll be in class when the rules come out . Apparently they're released at 9:00 central on 9/5 (and I wanted to pull a midnight to get them...). Oh well.
It's past 19 years later people, we're living post book canon. And now I'm going to rewatch A Very Potter Musical.
"Apparently robots can communicate in shorthand too...
http://www.independent.co.uk/life-style ... 69706.html"
"╒╦╕╒╦╕
╘╩╛╘╩╛
Alt code fun!"
You know there are some times where it's appropriate and possibly necessary to cut class...
"I used to do building events...
I still do, but I used to, too."
































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































Are the exact date and time set yet? Also, I would recommend 2 days early; just in case...
Last year it was the day rules were released, so this year probably 9/4.
Omg lololololololololololol
Help, help, I'm being repressed!
I'm a little confused... what's a bod?
It's not a mod. It's a bod! UPRISING TIME MY BROTHERS AND SISTERS!
"The greatest sadness about astronomy is you can look at images of all the galaxies, and know you'll never be able to visit them.

Take the Hubble Ultra-Deep Field. You can look at all the galaxies and the sheer number and vastness, and know that there are probably planets that are probably conducive to humans. But they're all so far away!!

Sometimes the universe is kinda mean, it shows you all this splendor, and then says, ""Haha, nope! Stay on Earth sucker"". In that sense, astronomy is one of the most depressing subjects, since you can never visit any of the places you study."
HELP I AM BEING SUPPRESSED !
That's not a movie quote
Looks like the forum is in deep hibernation...
^ I saw my scioly.org bookmark in my bookmarks bar and decided to see whats up. not much.
If anyone needs ideas there are lots of incomplete pages waiting to be worked on!
"Eh, this doesn't bother me so much. The Mon R2 GCM I've been researching looks beautiful from here but up close it's essentially a vacuum up close. On another note, the galaxy here is already huge, and nearly certainly contains planets conducive to humans.

This doesn't address quite the same problem you are, but I would highly recommend reading The Three Body Problem series by Cixin Liu (or 三体 if your mandarin is good enough ). I'd recommend anyone read it, but especially those interested in pursuing a future career in astronomy or physics as it really contextualizes fundamental physics and the possibilities of extraterrestrial intelligence within the scale of the universe, and is incredibly good at portraying science accurately."
Eid Mubarak (or Happy Eid) to anyone observing Eid-al-Adha today!
Darn lunar calendar... I can never remember where any of the Muslim or Hindu celebrations are.
Just submitted my battery buggy guide . I wanted to add more, but there was a deadline for the submission. Speaking of deadlines, it was exactly 12:00 a.m. in UTC time, so I hope the mods excuse me for submitting my guide 3 seconds late. Anybody else submit a battery buggy guide?
Dang I lost my retainer today may have to pay like $500 myself.
I just bought 35$ of v-bucks and don't regret it kmn
A new NSO promotional video just got posted. It's almost as good as the 2016 Highlights video
"When you realize in your ""what do you call Chicago"" poll that you forgot its most popular nickname being the Windy City. Doh!
(Could a mod maybe fix this )"
You can't edit it yourself? Meh, I did it anyways.
Thanks! And no. Polls lock me out once approved
The havoc you can wreak on IRC with a founder password...
There're 22022 replies to this thread not including this one!
If by havoc you mean repeatedly kicking yourself and the bot.
Less than an hour into the first day of school and there’s already been an accident in the parking lot and a bunch of other shenanigans. I love high school.
On the note of Parking lots our school apparently sold 15 spots more than what was available...
Lol that happened to us to. Except the car might have been a cop car and it wasn’t too bad
All the fun we homeschoolers miss... Although I drove by a full-size van at a gas station as flaming engine stuff dropped onto the manhole over the giant gas tanks. The whole engine compartment was on fire. Never even made the local news, unlike those Lamborghinis that made the national news.
Smh, the people that can actually drive... I've still got another year
In some states, if you wait until you're a certain age, then you can directly take the written test for a permit without having to take or to pay for any BMV-issued Driver's Ed for it, and in some cases, you can also opt to be taught by your parents or another relative in lieu of physical Driver's Ed if you log enough hours. Or at least that's how it is in Indiana...
I wasn't the one driving at the time. I ain't ready for that kinda traffic.
Lol me neither, I’m both to young and our school intersection is insane
I don't know if this was mentioned before (probably has), but just out of curiosity, when are the forums being turned over for next season?
Soon. Patience, young padawan.
"I got squirted by a millipede yesterday...

Illinois 2014."
I didn't even know millipedes could squirt, which makes me slightly afraid now.
It ain't that toxic, and it doesn't burn most people. It smells like licorice. It does irritate mucous membranes. One species is blind and bioluminescent, they produce Hydrogen Cyanide gas. And some squirt Hydrochloric Acid, but most aren't that toxic. Just a minor skin irritant to some people. It comes out of the little holes that are about the size of a pin head on each side of their exoskeleton that I always wondered what were for.
I'm thinking that the US open final will be between Nadal and Djokovic. What do you guys think?
"Er is that golf? Or tennis?
TPBM loves only 2 sports."
...wrong thread?
Er whoops. That's what happens when you multi-task.
"It was random...

Edit:
UTF-8 U+6211 U+662F wrote:
Just to be clear, it's this bird if anyone wants to ID it:
It's this one. Beyond that, I don't have the time to go look right now."
Well yes, that's where the link came from
The turnover started!
Its called rollover and it started like 20 minutes back
Oooh, apple turnovers
oh lol i probably didnt notice smh
I was going to post in Illinois 2014, but I decided to finish Introductory Statistics first... Oh well, there's always next year, right?
What do you mean? It's always been 2014.
To rephrase that, "There will be another trip to 2014 next year, right?
Wait, this is stupid, but what's the rollover?
"There were ten in the bed and the little one said, 'rollover, rollover'. So they all rolled over and one fell out."
"It's when all of the Regionals/States and Nationals threads are moved to the Archives, making way for the new season's threads. I hope that's right.

Edit: Oops, I forgot the Events threads. I thought there was something missing."
not just those, but also the rest of the events' threads as well
Ahh, thank you!!
"The rules are out!



The game is on!"
This would be me if I could figure out how to aquire them... (I'll figure it out )
Just fill this out: https://store.soinc.org/us/page/manuals ... llfilter=1
Welp. I'am an idiot. *palms face*
"rip

We need some more late December invitationals


(posted here so as not to derail the original thread)"
"Adding onto Unome:

^^^ that's real advertising right there"
"So disappointing.

Walking out of physics I see two CD cases with the titles ""Hot Mix 3"" and ""Hot Mix 4"" in a dumpster. Assuming that they are audio CDs, I fish them out.

Turns out the CDs are demos for a now-defunct software company's product line from the early 90's."
I suck at science olympiad lol
"Today, The Bandit made his final jump.

Rest in peace, Burt Reynolds.

You would not believe how long it took me to figure out how to use a moving picture... Not including how long it took to find a moving picture..."
"Argh, it's already almost 2:30 a.m and I'm still doing homework...
I need sleep..."
"Omg its 3:28 in the fRIKEN MORNING KILL ME WHY AM I UP.

IM ALSO SITTING IN A FRIKEN BLANKET FORT WITH A 6.5 FOOT BLANKET.

H. E. L. P."
"Eighteenth post.
4:36"
When you spent a period in AP Euro working out mousetrap aiming geometry
"You're about to have a bad time...
(Figure it out)"
Physics = the Physics Building or the building where physics class was held that might not necessarily be THE Physics Building?
There are so many scoring systems nowadays, from Avogadro to Ezra to this new Sciylmpiad system. What ever was wrong with chalker's
I finally made a userpage! Bernard, do I get a medal for editing the wiki yet?
"Nothing is wrong with it. Other people may have slightly different needs, and are willing to build an entire scoring system for that purpose. Avogadro has online capabilities, and was developed before Chalker's was widespread (both were created at around the same time). Ezra is almost identical to Avogadro, but has some additional functionality for state organizations that I suspect helped ingratiate Cornell with the NY State organization. I can't point to anything in particular with Scilympiad, but it's worth noting that the regional it was developed for at first is too large to use Chalker's (which maxes at 70 teams).

Edit: It's also possible that Avogadro was the first to develop an event signup system specifically for Science Olympiad - I don't know exactly when theirs was developed. ESUS was being used at major tournaments in 2012, and was definitely in public release by 2014.

Edit 2: Upon noticing the Golden Gate thread - good luck to event supervisors tabbing 9 times per team to fill out raw scores (unless they opt to click on the cell for every team)."
You can get a special medal if you make it so that 99% of the storage occupied by the entire wiki is from your userpage.
What if I just deleted everything on the wiki except my userpage? Then I would occupy 100% of the storage.
The wiki would still store the history for those pages, no?
You could just make a bunch of tiny edits so that it looks like you edited it a lot but really just one word at a time XD
Darn, Mason, Solon, and Troy aren't going to MIT. This is gonna be interesting.
Especially with the new policy. I'm interested to see how much the competition will change.
The more I think about it, the more I would have liked to see them have two free-for-alls. One for New England teams for a specific number of slots, and one for everyone else for the rest of the slots. Maybe it'd be a better system, maybe not, but it would be a lot of fun to watch from the sideline.
Honestly, a larger auditorium is all MIT needs. That seems to be the most immediate constraint on their size.
Even then I still wanna see two free-for-alls. Maybe even three.
Looks like the Carolinan users have fled en mass. This is why I live in the midwest...
When are we gonna see duel tournaments? Just two teams going at it, one medal per event.
"Yo! Place mega Titans vs each other...
Tonight on mega duels!
New Trier vs. Stevenson (IL)
Solon vs. Mason
Troy vs. Harriton
Mira Loma vs. Grand Haven
And many more!"
Wait that would actually be awesome... sort of like if 2 top teams are in the same regional?
Let's just put all these teams in the same regionals...
Literally MO states last year...
Here in Georgia we self-segregate into the same regional
"If you want to get real wild, have 4 periods of 50 minutes, with a 40 minute grading period after each. Each period has 6 events, with at least one event from each of the 5 disciplines. Each period, a team gets matched up against another team, and whoever wins the most events between the two teams is awarded the win. Simultaneously, all tests are graded for all teams so that, in event of a tie, the teams' overall scores in those events can be used as a tiebreaker. After each round, the following round's pairings are decided by a Swiss system, so that teams that have the same number of wins are matched up together. The final dual uses only 5 events, to ensure that one team will win by event count. Total of a 6 hour day before final awards, in which a ""dual champion"" and an ""overall champion"" are chosen.

Among the difficulties with this are that some conflicts are going to happen that wouldn't occur in a full tournament. But it sure would be unique wouldn't it?"
I have started a poll train...
Tfw you cite your mousetrap experience in a school physics lab to support your conclusion
Too true ;(
You know when you're a little crazy when you start remarking upon the development of your spreadsheet color schemes over the years
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UBX2QQHlQ_I
It very much looks like Illinois switched from Avogadro to Ezra. That is quite interesting, and makes me want to look into Ezra a little deeper.
AGH! And I liked avogadro...
"*Double post I know but I just had to*
When you realize there is an entire conspiracy theory on the deletion of the Illinois 2012 thread... (And company)
Anyone care to explain!"
They accidentally deleted 2012 states and regionals and invitationals
Ok Ok Ok Conspiracy theory!
Apparently during rollover an unspecifiedadmin clicked the wrong button when attempting to archive the invitationals, regionals, and states subforum, so rip.
tfw when uploading your phone's pictures to free up space you accidentally put all 500 of them into your drive, no folder...
the assasinator targeted me because i say KMN a lot.
When someone accuses the Sassy before the first clue is even posted...
correctly?
NOPE
You should know now
aaand second accusation.
Our goal is to beat #7 is it not
I have 238 days before my last AP, which is my last day of school. Darn, that's gonna be a while.
Can any grads who have gone into engineering or data science hmu? I'd like to know more about what studying both in college/getting a job in either field is actually like.
I'm finally back on scioly.
Does anyone else do speech and debate?
Officially no because I ain't got time for that... But I cannot be beaten in a debate if you give me some solid evidence.
TFW your partner for DP doesn't work on the ref sheet...a quiz is tomorrow...and it's 11 PM....
Hahahaha, me last year with states... I left it until like 2 nights before to complete... I wonder why I didn't do so well at states
In my opinion, M51 is the most aesthetically pleasing DSO there's been in all my years of competing. It always kinda reminds me of why I like astronomy so much.
New tip for dating: get you a guy/girl who looks at you the way antoine_ego looks at DSO M51
You have scioly quizzes?
Haha lol pikachu

reading through all the scioly forums the night before a physics quiz is probably not a good idea
you couldn't possibly have read *all* of the forums. that would include all the old ones too
alright, how about trying to read through all the tpbm posts... and waiting for people to post on sassy post...
Ladue has a popular scioly program, and a combination of quizzes/tests are used to make pairs for each event.
Who knew filling out a $200,000+ scholarship would be sooooo stressful. (Soooo many essays! )
Someone in our bio class put litmus paper in his mouth...turns out, he's slightly acidic.
no u
am i allowed to just say something random here?
That’s the whole point of this thread...
"My grades are screaming in my face.
BBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA"
Heh mine are “FAAAAAAB”
Lucky... mine are literally FFFFFFFFFFFFFF
tfw in biology, your teacher asks you to do a lab report on the experiment done in class, and everyone grumbles that it's so long and difficult to do...when I just do an expd write-up and finish in an hour...
tfw your chem class is just all of the basics you learned in thermo and then an expd write-up
Lol. *pulls out Exp D rubric* Me for all my AP chem lab write-ups.
Lol, when I wrote my lab report, a friend said, "You're writing a lab report, not something for experimental design." The funny part is, I don't even do experimental designs...
"In physics, one of our projects is to design a catapult that can go something like 15 feet and you have to get within a 1ft radius, all with elastic power.

I've never been so hyped for a project in my life."
When you're looking through your previous math test grades and realize that your math teacher messed 2 of the grades up when he put them in the gradebook...
I was about to start on some homework, but after opening it up it appears that I already finished it and forgot.
I was about to start some HW and realized I had alot more then I thought
I tried to work on my comic strip when my computer broke down. Fork my life.
When you have a quarter million scholarship application due in 4 days. (Time to panic!)
...you mean time to get off scioly.org, finish the application, and then come back when that's done?
As a moderator, you should be telling people to spend eternity on scioly.org, to make this this site as great as it can be. Lmao.
Hey, what else am I supposed to do when I have writer's block?
"CODE: SELECT ALL
git clone Benewcomb
emacs SUCCESS
git add SUCCESS
git commit
(Did I do that right?)"
"Even though I am a moderator, I cannot deny that I am still a student first and my classes should come before my online obligations.
TheChiScientist wrote:

Hey, what else am I supposed to do when I have writer's block?
Get up from your desk, take a walk (medium to long length) outside, come back in, eat something if you haven't already, and then sit down and try to think of ideas again."
Been there done that. Although this did give me an idea... Thx!
"That's my job
TheChiScientist wrote:
pikachu4919 wrote:
TheChiScientist wrote:
When you have a quarter million scholarship application due in 4 days. (Time to panic!)
...you mean time to get off scioly.org, finish the application, and then come back when that's done?
Hey, what else am I supposed to do when I have writer's block?
You're actually just supposed to write whatever, discounting whether or not it's at all good, keep the bits that work, and rewrite from that."
When your parents confiscate your laptop, and the school Chromebook blocks literally ALL code decipher websites... (Yes, I AM talking about the Sassy game... )
lol I made the hint on my school chromebook
Ugh, guess you have a nice school...
"Not quite our main priority. More activity does not necessarily equal good activity. Though, in an ideal world, we have both.

However, to those of you who are spending eternity on the site, may I suggest hopping over to the wiki and seeing what stuff needs work?

PS: We could also use more people checking page tags, if you have events you are familiar with that have tags, taking some time to check if those tags are still accurate, and messaging a WikiMod if they are not, would be super helpful!"
I'm hungry, and sitting in my school library. I'm also too lazy to get up and find food. I suppose I brought this predicament on myself.
"I really should read this more often... There were 7 new pages!!!!!!!!!

And I as well…
What's a ""tfw""?
I'm reading this while my college Statistics homework loads the next question, and I haven't missed one yet while ""multitasking""†
I say ""multitasking"" because your brain actually switches from one to the other, it doesn't do both at the same time."
I think tfw stands for "the feeling when".
Sorry for the double post, but for all the Chinese people out there: 中秋节快乐!!!
Was reading through and for some reason found the general tone and code thing adorable. You are now Sir Tiny Adorable Robot, and shall sit at thy seat at thee Round Table, Sir Robot the First.
I approve of the use of emacs.
"The only other text editors I have on this are cat, nano, and gedit, so *shrug*

Edit: Oh, I didn't realize vi was pre-installed on this..."
mOoNcAkEs
Ew. I'm sorry, but they're absolutely disgusting...
"no u
jk"
the moon should be BEAUTIFUL tonight but it's OVERCAST so ANGERY
Go back to MO karp
Ewww simplified Chinese
Why? Do you prefer traditional over simplified?
"I'm taiwanese, we use the right Chinese ...
我是鄭大問。
You can read that right????"
"Yep... I know JUST enough traditional Chinese to be able to read that
中秋節快樂
Here you go^^"
Oops sry my fault I’m furious about 94% of the time.
"What do you call a number that can't keep still?




A roamin' numeral"
"At any time you can get clinical depression.
Its quite genetic and we have no cure."
Take it to the Prescriptivism thread, man
This thread remains my all-time favorite. It's like mini-blogging.
Best way to get me to apply to your university. Send me a free application. It works.
I have a good feeling about the physics exam
"Ewehaiawwguihfabvajvk **cry** I don't...
EDIT: ^^ Me stressing out about physics **cry** (I actually DO feel like breaking down and crying right now... )"
Ah hem since WHEN did Taiwan people use Chinese more right than Chinese people??? And Taiwanese... Smh.
"Why aren’t we taught our HUMAN RIGHTS?

Can ANYONE recite them by memory?"
Bill of rights or Miranda rights?
I don’t care. Either way it’s just wrong. We aren’t taught the reasons that separate us from animals.
"I. am.





PERSASSY!!!!!"
Hey hey Ratay!
The problem with reciting rights is that you can always think of more. That's why a Bill of Rights wasn't originally included in the Constitution of the USA.
This entirely depends on the rights in question, not to mention the ethical system being used to derive those rights.
Are you sure you're not the one with questionable priorities?
2CELLOS is releasing a new album (and going on tour - STL on 2/21/19)!!!!!
2Cellos are g8, except I prefer ThePianoGuys.
I do as well
Do y'all say "A team" or "varsity team"?
I say "the only team"
Hmm we only have one team ya know. And we haven't gone to any invites before...
"I blame SciOly for my conversion to grammar nazism.
On a lesser note, I just got offered a $14k merit scholarship to attend a university."
Possibly, but between the most useful skill I acquired in high school (choosing classes to get maximum benefit for minimum effort) and the very limited range of things I do, I'm able to balance it pretty well.
*deafening applause*
"Thanks! Also it reminded me of this...
LOL! (CLICK TO SHOW HIDDEN TEXT)"
"| /_
O"
Fissure is best most handsome main tank. Who better than fissure? Nobody
I went to my first debate tourney today (only congress tourney) and it was really fun!
"At someone’s house and a random three year old girl starts pulling all my hair out. The parents sit and laugh and I wanna cry so badly because of the pain and my ego hurting.
Of course, when she just touches my little sister, that’s when it actually matters to them. Proof that I’m freaking meaningless."
Rip I see why you're depressed.
Many more reasons for my depression, this just made my day even worse than it already is.
You should go study for scioly, that will make things better.
But studying for scioly gets depressing when you realize how bad you are rip
Well, yesterday I made my return to scioly.org after about 2 1/2 months away (it sure felt longer)...
If I may ask, where have you been?
This reminds me of a tweet that I think about constantly.
When you finish graphing 45 out of 46 points and then realize that you didn't scale the graph correctly... kmn
First day of tryout testing for our school! 2 months to go
I laughed a lot after looking at that tweet
My AP world class is killing me im only a freshman
YAS THIS BE BACK BOIS
SAME!!! It's been over 48 hours...
We are now back to our regularly scheduled program!
There was a void in my life while this site was down
"So relatable. Nothing to do during study hall
or you know, to waste my time with"
Same... Welp no I can wander these forums for eternity.
This is also my Roblox username
Why do chem lab and herpetology have to conflict?!?
Gotta love using 15.8M Nitric Acid in AP Chem...
15.8 Mega whats?
15.8 molar, or 15.8 moles/liter or approximately 10^25 molecules/liter
Ok The SI unit for moles is mol btw
M represents molarity
Oh. Molarity
"Brief breakdown if you're confused:

A mole is a really really really really big number that people use when they want to measure the amount of a chemical. The reason for this is we can't start counting over 10^23 atoms every time we want to measure out a chemical! It's the same reason why bakers use dozens instead of counting out individual eggs.

Now, one mole is around 6.022 * 10^23 of something, which is really convenient because it works out so that 1 mole of protons/neutrons is around 1 gram. This means that you don't have to be a super studious chemist just to measure out some chemicals.

Molarity is a measure of concentration. If we have a strong acid like hydrochloric acid (HCl), we'll want to know exactly how much acid we have and how diluted it is. That's where molarity comes into play. It's measured in moles/liter, or molar (represented with a capital M). You don't want to get the molarity of a chemical wrong because you might end up using 10 times more concentrated acid than you expected... which is bad.

You'll also hear things like molality which is also a measure of concentration but using moles/kg instead of moles/L.

Edit: got Avogadro's number slightly wrong"

Thanks, I'm doing Potions and Poisons this year. I need to know this.
You could say I took a SciOly sabbatical.
"My AP Chemistry book last year said 6.02214129E23 was Avogadro's Constant.
TheChiScientist wrote:
Gotta love using 15.8M Nitric Acid in AP Chem...
Yeah, that is fun...
Assassinator wrote:
JoeyC wrote:
Some of these clues are weird; how did Things2Do even survive getting hit by a brick on the head? And more importantly, who even owns a remote control exploding car?
Plus getting revenge would be targeting MadCow.....
Or revenge alternatively could be me (if he confused Alolan Vulpix with a silver cat)
I guess I didn't hit him hard enough
My parents say I'm hardheaded..."
Shhh this is why we have calculators... I programmed Avogadro's constant into mine a while ago...
For people who do Speech and Debate, if you have not watched this video you have not lived.
I keep accidentally clearing the memory on mine...
Just archive it (assuming you're using a TI-83+ or similar... not sure how Casios or other calculators work unfortunately)
If you're in any science or math class higher than biology or algebra 2, casios don't work - USE TI-83/84 OR NSPIRES.
..why?
Nspires > all other calculators
It's not worth missing the entire calculator portion of a test just because you have a TI-30 that can't graph.
I'm very excited because my high school's scioly team is letting me try out for all four events that I wanted to! (anatomy, disease, code, and widi)
...TI-30s are from TI not Casio...
Science Olympiad at Georgia Tech is officially up and running! Ye at Georgia Tech can join here!
But the casios that don't graph are basically 30s
https://www.amazon.com/Casio-fx-9750GII ... B00154GSQA (...actually Casios are a lot cheaper and have similar functions but TI basically has a monopoly on calculators because TI-84s are the "recommended" calculator for a lot of schools)
Casio definitely has some good uses - for example, calculus functions on nonprogrammables.
Gotta love it when you get slammed with 5+ hours of HW on a 3 day weekend...
To be fair that isn’t that much. Just around 1.5-2 hours a day
Well, I like doing it all in one sitting. Even if it drives me insane.
When your friend misses homecoming just because on the day they were selling tickets, he ran out of money on his lunch account and had to use homecoming money...
It's a TI-30XIIS... The $15 calculator that got me through AP Chemistry and a lot of other stuff... I bought its predecessor at a Goodwill for 99 cents... I use it as a backup.
I honestly like Casios the best. I mean, that may be a VERY biased opinion seeing how I've been using it since fourth grade, but still...
These are my preferred choice of scientific calculators as well, minus calculus applications.
So are you no longer depressed???
"-_-
thats...not how it works"
I'm sorry that I offended you....
May somebody please send a owl to Snape on my behalf? The local one has a broken wing. I would like some Draught Of The Living Dead so that I will no longer have to suffer through all of these political ads on the telly. I only need enough to get me through the election in November, discounting three days in late October.
"I finally escaped the international police forces of the world...
<_<
>_>
Time to do something productive with my location...
<-"
When you're debating whether or not to make another accusation...
pls pls pls do it just get it done and over with, the sassy can't stand it anymore
^
Surprised at the results of the poll on natural numbers. I was always taught natural numbers or counting numbers excluded zero while whole numbers included it.
When your physics grade suddenly raises by 8%
When you're reading the Odyssey and have to read each line like a hundred million times before you even barely understand what it means...
That’s what I learned in school too....
"Nonsense!
linzhiyan wrote:
When you're reading the Odyssey and have to read each line like a hundred million times before you even barely understand what it means...
...try a different translation"
It's a core text, so technically... I can't
It feels like the only reason I still go to school is to do SciOly. Good enough reason for me.
I just realized that the site was updated, now in the top left under the logo, the first option is "Scioly.org" instead of "Board Index"
Yeah, I noticed when I kept going too far back, but yet I was still clicking the same spot... But I didn't draw the update conclusion...
When your current orchestra piece has 6 flats and is at a high octave...
When you have no clue what this means.
I think you two are the first to finally figure out why the site was down for 2 days. Finally someone noticed!
How many interns does it take to change a link?
Too many. Also it was the first thing I noticed but didn't say anything...
Sure, sure...
I noticed it a couple days ago.
I noticed it by (STILL) accidentally pressing that instead of the "forums" link...
Honestly, it's useless seeing as there's a link just a bit above the current link.
"My thoughts exactly... Although, there's probably a perfectly good reason for doing it.

Edit: I only just realized that they also changed ""Board Index"" to ""Forums""..."
My 2nd debate tournament is tomorrow, and I'll be competing in novice Congress and novice Public Forum, at Parkway West. Anyone else (linzhiyan, yxu08) going to be there?
"I'll be there, but not competing in those specific events. I'll be competing in Oratory and Policy (novice, of course).
**me pulling my hair out trying to write a decent policy constructive speech**
Good luck!!!"
"Thanks!
Why do you do Policy? It sounds so boring..."
"Lol, because I thought that it sounded interesting
I'm kinda(?) regretting it now... I have no idea what I'm doing
EDIT: When you ACTUALLY understand Policy debate about 12 hours before the tournament
#Procrastinationislife!!!!!!!"
"Little pig, little pig, let me in.

Not by the hairs of your chinny chin chin."
What is this thread, even?
Your Daily Random Comment
Or "Your Random Comment, Daily", if you prefer...
"I just installed msfonts onto my Linux desktop.

I can finally view Times New Roman correctly..."
Kind of curious... why do you need Times New Roman? Do documents with Times New Roman not display correctly without it installed?
At least for me, I couldn't view documents with Times New Roman fonts correctly, since I didn't have the relevant packages installed.
"Weirdly enough, you do need to have fonts installed on your computer in order for them to show up, unless you're viewing a PDF or something. I know because there are a lot of fonts that I've downloaded for Photoshop that don't show up when I open the PSD file on another computer.

eta: I use Windows, to clarify"
Yes, but I figured LibreOffice would automatically replace them since they're from Microsoft. Guess not.
When you don't leave the speech and debate tournament until 10:45 pm **yawn**
"Same...but it was because our PuF rounds ran late (we didn't get in ours until 9:35)
Also what were the prelim results for events? Because of our late PuF I didn't get to see the results. Apparently a novice from Ladue broke in Oratory even though he made up his speech and memorized it during lunch and the few hours before the competition..."
I have no idea. I was still fuming about my Policy round
What I meant is, what is its purpose?
"It doesn't have one...?
The purpose is to not have a purpose."
Update: my copy of LibreOffice does this
I placed 2nd in congress and got a plastic starfruit!!
**claps**
Could this amino acid improve glucose scioly.org?
Considering that amino acid is a monomer of protein, and glucose is a monosaccharide aka a monomer of carbohydrates... absolutely. Definitely. Positively. Totally. If we added amino acids to the glucose, maybe we could stop all those stupid spam posts.
*glares at bernard's captcha*
"Fastest I've ever had a poll approved. Under 1 minute...
viewtopic.php?f=22&t=12704"
This is admittedly a very creative poll topic
They released some of Gen 4 on Pokemon Go today. The first thing I thought of when I caught a Kricketot:
"Do any of you do Original Oratory?

That's my event!"
"What is the ""classic thread""?
(Link please)."
I normally do Congress, but I plan on doing OO for one tournament. linzhiyan does oratory, though.
YDRC was a thread on the old forums before the transition to phpBB. The OBB archive hasn't worked in a while (probably pushing 2 years at this point).
Thanks!
Yep, I do Oratory. I also do Congress, but you can't double enter if you do Congress, so I have to alternate between them.
Here's about as much as you can see of it.
"The old days were pretty wild.

(@bernard how long until the OBB archive is back up?)"
"Clicks on link, gets blocked by school language filter.
What have you done?"
Those are due to secrets only beknownst to the overlords.
"I'm usually in La La Land...
Although you're probably referring to some cool movie or something..."
"La La Land is a movie.

But why is this in YDRC?"
I didn't wanna detract from the thread...
I swear, if the sassy's Name again...
"**no comment**
Also, thanks for accusing me..."
teaching elementary science o is interesting
"Name wrote:
I am the sassy. Koo-koo-ke-choo."
"nuuuuuu! Percy Jackson can be the only sassy boi!
whyyyyyyyyyy"
"2 word reply... And 1 more of a waste of code than Scratch...
Shouldn't you be seething a good example?"
The post still has a legitimate purpose, so...yeah.
I just realized Illinois 2014 has always been the last post historically... But something about the 2016 year seems fishy
Nope, an unspecific moderator changed both iwonder's and bernard's posts from Texas 2015 and 2016 national tournament to Illinois 2014.
"Hi! I posted a cool game. I would like it if you gave it a try viewtopic.php?f=21&t=12722
Thanks!"
"Beep Boop
Havent died yet
Beep Boop"
Biking in 55 degree weather and in the rain is NOT fun
In StL?
Unfortunately, yeah...
Hey Hey Hey! That's tropical weather when you compare it to us Illinoisans up north! (Already got the winter jacket out )
"The Red Sox won...

Nice."
"MyMathLab makes whatever is left of my soul die. I think we should classify it as a carcinogen.
(Am I alone on this?)"
"Just mention it to California... Prop. 66 Warning, here they go!
I have MyLabsPlus for my Statistics at Chattanooga State."
Ahahahahaha, when the wifi at the Chinese school actually works... guess who won't be paying attention in class...???
I did a unintentional burnout in the driveway today... RWD car without traction control on a hill with a tire in a small dip... My first time pulling into it.
IDK what MyMathLab is, but I have to use MatLab for my Environmental Ecology class (there are grad students in that class... why did I take it?) and just the thought of it makes me want to die. I'm sick of simulating turbulent diffusion in estuaries.
how long before the storage capacity of this thread runs out.....
That's not how databases typically work. There might be a storage capacity for a single post, but most likely every post is in a single table, with fields for thread ID and timestamp that are used to select and order the threads.
"so I have this book that calls me out by name
""at one point a guy's got to wonder what sequence of events lead to him in the youtube rabbit hole, watching a glorified weasel press H9 for a bag of sunchips""

I feel absolutely attacked."
"IT'S NUT DAY!!!!!!
Just remember, the mighty oak was once a nut like you."
wait until this thread fills up all of AWS and all the servers around the world
Better start spamming faster than Scioly.org can buy server space...
That'd be incredible as we don't use AWS.
Well, if it fills up all the servers around the world, you don't really have a choice, do you?
You need to delete the first, IDK, 1000 pages or so? Just an idea!
"Just move them to a archive... And put the archive on another website... One that ain't y'all's and doesn't use y'all's server farms...


Edit: This look like spam to y'all too?"
Okay..... That's seems illegal....
"I reported it... That board's not the most active... Chuck'll be on to delete it within 24 hours... I don't think it's illegal as long as they're ""fake"" or ""novelty""... Although later in that post, and the identical one in Community Wide Announcements From You, it says they're ""counterfeit"" and brilliantly forged, right down to the databases and watermarks et cetera... That is illegal...

[hide]Note For The Mods|Chuck is his real name, but it's also his screen name on the aforementioned forum, so I don't think it's name dropping.[/hide]"
"At my piano lesson tonight, my piano teacher asked, ""How many sixteenth notes make up an eighth note?""
I replied with, ""4.""
Then, we just stared at the music then we both bursted out laughing. I wonder why I ""failed"" my theory paper last year...
To be fair though, that song was filled with thirty-seconds and we were previously talking about thirty-seconds, so I answered on behalf of thirty-seconds."
That's what they all say
I slept at 10:20 last night. How early.
Slept at midnight, but I literally could've slept at 10 - listening to Scott Joplin's Rags whoooooops
I slept at 9:30 last night and it was absolutely amazing
Wait till you get to college :P
"DUSTIN BATES IS SOOOOOO BAE LIKE YAS!
....
look him up"
"Uranium is an element [insert name here], not a type of radiation."
"Something must be horribly wrong if you don't know how to do something that [someone] knows how to do.
Cough cough."
Someone tell me why row-echelon form of systems of equations is important. Why spend more effort on something you can do a million times faster without it?
"Cramer's rule

(I actually don't know); we don't learn about this stuff until linear algebra

Edit: converting a matrix to reduced row-echelon form is just another way of writing elimination"
Just row reducing to row echelon form shows pivot positions, which can tell you a lot about a system without having to go all the way to reduced row echelon from. If you are able to use a calculator, RREFing is the best way to go because reduced row echelon form is generally more useful than reduced echelon form. But if you have to row reduce by hand it's a lot more convenient to stop at row echelon form if possible.
When you FINALLY understand motion maps!!! (All credits to syo_astro)
Question: Is it wrong that I have a favorite disease? (It's Legionnaire's, by the way)
Ahhhhhhhhhhhh, just finished physics quizzzzzzzzz. I'm soooo nervous!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"Hi! Can you play my game?
viewtopic.php?f=21&t=12722
Thanks!"
When you forget rule 6 and submit a poll. I had a feeling it would be rejected, anyways...
"When your school blocks literally every single ""good"" website!!
It's only going to be a matter of time before they block this too. I mean, they've already blocked Spotify and basically every single YouTube video."
Even the educational videos?
"Is testing thermo device out night before competition because the events weren't assigned until 2 weeks ago.
Heats up water.
Places beaker in device.
Realizes person doesn't have a thermometer.
RIP."
"Me last year.
Always double check that u got everything!"
"Me: looks at self-
I should've thought this through... apparently you can eyeball temperature by bubble size, wish me luck ."
I found a bunch of loopholes in my physics homework with a scioly nerd at Starbucks. That was an interesting time.
It is the most efficient method, especially for computers. However, elimination makes more sense for humans.
Is there any other kind of nerd?
i mean, there are book nerds... like me
Lol, I guess I'm both a scioly and book nerd... what does that make me??
How does ____ manage so many activities and go to bed at 10:30 every night???
Probably by putting minimal effort into a lot of them. It takes very little effort to be moderately good at a large number of things.
Lol, I know who yxu's talking about and said person does everything perfectly and has the most perfect grades ever.
Writing an oratory for S&D is hard...
Ya think?? Writing it the night before a tournament is even harder. (I DEFINITELY did NOT do that... hehe)
I should be a ghost for Halloween...oh wait, I already am because I'm invisible to everyone.
When this video gets taken down because of copyright...
"Decorating nerd... Plus the book nerd and the Science Olympiad nerd...
linzhiyan wrote:
raytay wrote:
Jacobi wrote:
Is there any other kind of nerd?
i mean, there are book nerds... like me
Lol, I guess I'm both a scioly and book nerd... what does that make me??"
There is also the silent nerd, the Jock nerd, the weird AF nerd, and the sketchy nerd... (Shall I go on?)
"I use to be the ""silence nerd""... sixth grade. Ugh, memories...
I even won the ""silent but strong"" award..."
"Nice!

Should this be a separate Posting Game?"
"Lol, ""The Nerd Game"".
Ahhhhh, I finally kinda got my phone back and I'm at Six Flags so I'm gonna be pretty active for a while..."
"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mt-YuVhsvpY

this was me last year during rollercoaster"
Would anyone like to help me on my Chinese essay?? I have no idea what to write about and it's due in like 30 minutes...
Write about an embarrassing story or something...
"Omg, that's such a good idea!!
Ugh... I should've checked this earlier... I'm already halfway through...
19 minutes down, 11 minutes left.
(I'm okay, I really am... NOT)"
This is why you quit Chinese School...
"I wish I could...
Ugh, my keyboard was still on Chinese Pinyin... **me ""cheating"" on essay...**"
EEPPPPP. I just applied to UIUC and UIC for industrial engineering! Wish me luck!
"He is a New York Times Bestselling author. The Wall Street Journal calls him a top influencer on the web, For️es says he is one of the top 10 marketers, and Entrepreneur ‍Magazinesays he created one of the most brilliant companies. He was recognized as a top entrepreneur under the age of :skin-tone-3:30:skin-tone-3: by :skin-tone-5:‍President Obama:skin-tone-5:‍ and a top entrepreneur under the age of 35 by the United Nations.

copy pasta from kate cuz it was on my command-c

i procrastinate so much that im here and like i have 2 tests tomorrow and a ton of hw to start yay"
"Can y'all big wigs please disable the ""You cannot make a post so soon after your last."" message for those of us who are known to not spam much...?




This is written in a joking tone, unless y'all wanna seriously consider it..."
I second this...
Post in a more deliberate fashion
wHo iS nEiL pAteL
Darn, college apps due soon. This ain't gonna be a fun week.
Tell me about it. (Where u headed?)
I wish I didn't procrastinate...all I wanted to do tonight was practice violin and sleep...
All I want to do every night/day is sleep. But, because I have said physics teacher, that's not exactly possible. (Plus the fact that I procrastinate A LOT...)
Well... Who doesn't procrastinate? *Looks at watch* AH ****! I just realized I gotta turn in that math assignment that was due last week...
"Ahhhhhh, you just reminded me... I have that playing test in band due last Friday...
Welp, there goes my 300% in band"
lol it's 10:30 and I've been working on Lincoln-Douglas debate for 3 hours...and I've still got oratory...
"Reminds me of something else too: piano states this weekend= not being able to make it to the tournament. Math competition next weekend= can't make tournament. In conclusion, there's ONE more tournament left and I have to have at least 10(?),16(?), or something like that rounds in before the end of the semester...
Yikes...


Also, isn't the tournament this weekend? Why work on it Monday when you can work on it Thursday??"
"haha practice round tomorrow...and I still haven't finished the aff case...
and there's a fossils test that i'm going to fail (whee) tomorrow, and a U.S. history test, and a math quiz, and an essay for English... :cri:"
"Hahahahahahahaha, have funnnnnnnnn!!!!!
Wait, why did you switch from PuF to L-D?"
Never look up trypophobia. Ever.
I was doing Spanish homework while on scioly.org... One of the phrases I had to translate was this: "Yo hice un letrero con mucha creatividad." The first thing/person I thought of was Things2do...
Debate is a lot of last-minute stuff. Not unlike Science Olympiad...
"Submitting an app on the deadline

Feelsgood"
Wow we broke the "most users ever online" record from April 2015!!!
In unrelated news, the brief downtime the site recently experienced should now be resolved.
Hmm. Cool. Hi
HAHA. That explains the insane lag spikes...
Smh, when you're science teacher attempts to be a southerner and post with slang...
My actual violin lesson time was 1 hour, but the drive to and from contributed an hour, so there's 2 hours of memorization time for debate wasted...
You don't memorize debate stuff... (unless you're being weird and memorizing the 1AC...)
Talking about oratory (which is memorized and fluent right now!!!)
"Hahaha, lucky... I haven't looked at my Oratory speech since PWest... (probably not good, but I ain't goin' to the next two tournaments, so it's ok.)
What's your topic...????"
pseudoscience
Music and Speech are similar!
Whatever happened to the TOTW?
Lol.I didn't even know that was a thing...
I had been wondering what "TOTW" meant, and I found it on there a few days ago... Here's the [wiki][/wiki] page I saw it on.
WHy is MTNA so annoying.
"Cause it ain't...
(Me being a hypocrite as I'll probably be posting something similar tomorrow...)"
What about Montana?
"Lol, it's ""Music Teachers National Association"".

EDIT: Ughhhh, I'm sooo nervous!!!!"
LD debate is fun, better than policy or public forum.
No, Policy is the best.
"You say that policy is the best, yet you haven't tried puf or LD. Therefore, I fail to see the logic in your argument.

roasted
but seriously though LD is a fun way to roast your opponents and make enemies for life a h a h a h a h a"
another way to make enemies for life: talking about speech and debate on science olympiad forums
"yes of course
even more so when you neglect your scioly studying just to memorize a 1300 word speech"
"Hmm... I wonder how long my oratory speech is...
Also, I've watched both PuF and L-D debates. They were... meh."
"i won for dd and they announced my team name: ""Let's Yeet this Yeast!"" as ""Let's Beat this Beast!""

i wanna die"
MMTA is not fun... MMTA is not fun... MMTA is NOT fun!!!! Ahhhhhhhhhh!!!!
My OO speech is 993 words.
Black Death > Let's Yeet this Yeast
yeast = yeast infection
What the...?
I have so much homework and I'm so bored.
How do you have homework? Even I don't have homework...
Physics...
"You cannot make a post so soon after your last." is still enabled...
I'm in Chinese class.
I hate this thread.
Why?
I can't actually follow the five or so overlapping conversations. If you want to chat at random with each other, use the IRC.
The IRC doesn't keep what we've sent when we leave...
"You can always screenshot stuff...


EDIT: Chromeboks are stupid, chromebooks are stupid, chromebooks are stupiddddd!!! Ahhhhh, I have a lab report due Wednesday and I can't access my graphs because it's on LoggerPro and I can't access LoggerPro on my Chromebook. Also, I didn't even procrastinate this time... ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh"
Math is cool.
"ahhh I love how expd makes bio lab reports so easy...literally my friends are complaining about staying up so late to finish their analysis
and I finish it in 10 minutes
ahahahahah"
Show off... would you like to write mine for me...??

Ah, I forgot how much fun mousetrap is... I suppose that'll change when stuff starts going wrong.
"Agreed.

I like calculus, especially partial derivatives. What about you?"
Recreational math and number theory all the way
Uggh. My friends convinced me to help them on the OMO this year. It was hard, difficult, and not very fun.
Aw heck, I take just five days off from the forums and Hurt and Heal returns and has about 25 total pages of posts? Figures.
im really bad at chem....somehow
East we need you for astro
Huh, I was off for about 3 hours and Potions and Poison went from low 20's to mid-50's...






























"Yes.
oof page 1501 rip"
Hey what's wrong with 1501?
The promenade theme from Mussorgsky Bernard's Pictures at an Exhibition is so beautiful...
"The promenade theme from Mussorgsky Bernard's Ravel's Pictures at an Exhibition is so beautiful...

Yes, I know it's wrong to just call it Ravel's"
Hahahaha, I finally figured out how to take off a retainer... ugh, I've been trying to do so for the past 30 minutes...
"I Signed up for a class that got mashed in with another, and 90% of it has been the class it was mashed with.

I don't like Journalism"
No I missed page 1500 waaaaaaaaaaaaaa
I don't usually have a lot to do for school, and this is what I like to do in my free time.
I had half of a free period after physics today because I finished my quiz early. Now, I have another free period (in band) because we had a concert last night (that I didn't even go to) so they're "giving us back our time we spent at the concert". Win-win for me since I didn't have to go to the concert anyways...
leekspin.com
"Our SciOly Team finally got a social media account!
Follow us @clcso (Try and find me in the picture )"
"I just lowkey made my bbf really mad because of very, very poor wording and something I didn't even mean to say. What a pleasant day.

I'll try to make her happy tomorrow. Probably won't help. I'm bad at doing that."
When the last question of your "hard" HW is just plug and chug...
First snow in St. Louis yesterday!
I thought it might when they panned out the local R.A.D.A.R. How much did y'all get?
Does that even count...??? We barely got any. The ground was barely covered and it was all gone by what, 9 this morning?
That's about how much we get total...
Has anyone else been getting one of those "Error 404: Page not found" messages for the rules manual? It seems to have started this evening (for me at least).
Yeah... it was like that this afternoon too.
"oof
At least I already had a tab with the rules manual opened, so I'm good for now... but I can't download the pdf, so I'll have to make sure I don't accidentally close it lol."
Good luck... maybe screenshot it or something... or print it out.
"Same here.
Luckily, my team has a copy in a shared Google Drive."
Actually, it is possible to download it (if you had it open) if you press "Print" and set the printer to "Save to PDF."
"That's why you immediately download it when you see it...

We had a quizbowl tourney yesterday and I got really mad at my teammates for not knowing what feldspar was ;("
Welp, I just created my 200th team page on the wiki...
Congratulations. I wish I had that much free time...
I just got my right foot stomped on by a boy roughly 50 pounds heavier than I am!
Sounds fun... Try wearing steel toe boots. Light enough to use as regular hiking boots, too, though.
During a strolling strings rehearsal my D string snapped...and I didn't have a replacement...so I had to play super fast 16th notes on the upper register of the G string....
"I am now apparently the leader of our team's Battery Buggy team!
Despite not doing it at all last year......

.........I guess that happened"
There better be a snow day tomorrow.
MY THOUGHTS EXACTLY(even though we're in completely different states)
During my rehearsal today, I had an emotional breakdown. :’)
I think that there's something wrong with St. Louis...It snowed on Monday and it's snowing again? Last year we literally only had one day of snow...
If you can even count that as snow... according to my math teacher, this will be the largest amount of snow we've had since 2013 or something...
"Anyone else getting this from the IRC?
xhr poll error
KiwiIRC reported fixing it in 2015 after a usage spike."
"No, but I keep on getting disconnected.

Try refreshing your page like a hundred thousand times and if it still doesn't work, close the tab and then access it again."
Cookie keeps having that problem... It finally went through...
"Um...
SINCE WHEN DID MISSOURI GET MORE SNOW THAN ILLINOIS"
"Especially Chicago, Illinois. Lollll...
Also, since never."

Ahahaha, what's wrong is that someone actually said that today. In my Spanish class, we were talking about the potential snow day tomorrow and someone said, "Watch it be 80 something degrees tomorrow."
PUBLIC ALERTS FROM GOOGLE: (CLICK TO SHOW HIDDEN TEXT)
Human-caused Global Warming is one of the biggest loads of hooey I've heard in a long time...
"I hope you're being sarcastic...
(Otherwise, it's time to call Al Gore )"
I'm not...
Well. That's interesting... Any reason why?
"Well... If the world was recovering from a global flood... If the cloud cover increases just 1 percent worldwide, the temperature would decrease... I feel safe with the flood bit and rule {6 is it?} since every major world religion has a catastrophic flood story and there are large flood bands in a lot of crust samples that I have seen...I feel a mod saying to PM this coming on...

OPINIONS EXPRESSED ON THIS SITE ARE NOT OFFICIAL; THE ONLY PLACE FOR OFFICIAL RULES CHANGES AND FAQS IS SOINC.ORG."
https://xkcd.com/1732/ (and it's only gotten worse since the time this comic was made)
"What happens when you type in the disclaimer?

OPINIONS EXPRESSED ON THIS SITE ARE NOT OFFICIAL; THE ONLY PLACE FOR OFFICIAL RULES CHANGES AND FAQS IS SOINC.ORG.

It just kills it..."
^Me with the hide function the first hundred times I tried using it...
"It only took me seven or eight until Tailsfan101 set me straight in Ban The Person Above You...
I think it was that one..."
No politics
The earth is neither flat, nor round. It is a pear
The mitochondria are the powerhouses of the cell
Yea
this is so sad alexa don't play anything
"IT BE SNOWING WHERE I AM and we get a weather advisory because IT'S SNOWING NO SCHOOL YEEEET
ADVISORY (CLICK TO SHOW HIDDEN TEXT)"
I'm really surprised that everyone is getting snow and New York hasn't gotten any yet... some is expected today, though, so we'll see what happens
At least you corrected your grammar from the last time...

I've a feeling that was directed at our discussion of historical Meteorology...
"Well... It's more of a scientific debate which isn't really politics...
Google wrote:
Politics: The activities associated with the governance of a country or other area, especially the debate or conflict among individuals or parties having or hoping to achieve power.
No power play was made. Just interesting questions..."
"Hmm I've heard many people who believe global warming to be a hoax say something about liberals trying to scare them... or something about scientists lying to us...
1. How do scientists really benefit by lying to us about global warming?
2. What's the correlation between global warming and liberals?

Just my two cents on this particular issue. I mean no disrespect to anyone."
"The snow is actually terrible because we had school but the buses that take us home were all late, so I didn't get home until 2.5 hrs later than usual. There goes 2.5 hrs of studying for scioly.
pls no school tomorrow"
"I was sorta going with Meteorology being a Event... It is a interesting and potentially enlightening discussion of ameture, and professional, scientific theories, and it's not politically charged, or at least I don't think so... Neither of us are going for power from this, either, are we?
MadCow2357 wrote:
Things2do wrote:
TheChiScientist wrote:
Well. :| That's interesting... Any reason why?
Well... If the world was recovering from a global flood... If the cloud cover increases just 1 percent worldwide, the temperature would decrease...
Hmm I've heard many people who believe global warming to be a hoax say something about liberals trying to scare them... or something about scientists lying to us...
1. How do scientists really benefit by lying to us about global warming?
2. What's the correlation between global warming and liberals?

Just my two cents on this particular issue. ;) I mean no disrespect to anyone.
1. Makes them feel like they're doing something important and useful...
2. My reply sounds a bit too political for the rules... Especially since we're potentially stretching 'em..."
"The idea that scientists are making claims about global warming because it makes them feel important is, frankly, ludicrous. Believe me, these scientists would rather be doing anything else than talk about the fact that our planet is slowly dying.

Regardless, even if we assume that humans have no impact on global warming, why not take steps to become more efficient with our energy? What do we have to lose?"

Honestly, this shouldn't be a political issue. Just because global warming has somehow become politicized does not mean that, at its heart, this is a scientific debate. In addition, as long as the conversation remains civil and does not devolve into personal attacks, there is no compulsion to move the topic to the Politics thread (although if it does turn more political in nature then continuing the conversation there may become advisable).
"A. Unome you just got outranked and overruled.
B. I agree with East. Global Warming has been politicized! Mainly to benefit politicians and not the people. We should be more concerned about the science behind this issue and hear both sides of the argument.
C. I think this can remain pretty civil as I think we are more interested in the science behind this issue. (Although don't mix in politics cuz it will get messy. Just ask the last guy I destroyed in a debate about Global Warming )"
I agree with "b" and "c", but Imma stay outta "a"...
"LOL. Wonder what Unome has to say about ""a""...
Anyways I am going to move this to the politics forum just so this doesn't clutter the YDRC thread..."
Ok, but isn't this thread just for clutter and spam?
Too late. Besides. Best not to annoy Unome (Plus people that don't want to hear about this)
Yeah...
"Inevitably every previous debate here that touched on political issues has descended into incivility.

(or maybe I'm just cynical)

Edit: It's worth noting that questions such as this are almost always framed in terms of ""belief""."
I was unsure of it enough to ask if it would be approved before I bothered typing it...
yeet I spend my snow day relaxing and then finally start working on my essay which I had about 1/3 done at 8 PM

My science teacher is officially triggered. Yey
"I would like to thank Birdmusic for some hella good DD notes:
https://scioly.org/tests/files/diseased ... _notes.pdf"
Feels good when you get to complete your collection of medals by getting the last one your senior year... (I now have a medal from every invitational I've been to. )
TIL how to "turn on" caps lock on a Chromebook. It was on complete accident... I meant to press "Alt tab", but I ended up pressing "Alt search button". Oh well, "there are no such things as mistakes, only happy accidents."~ my seventh-grade math teacher.
Just because you wrap something in quotation marks doesn't mean it's true
"It probably isn't because my seventh grade math teacher...
(I ain't gonna finish off the sentence because...)"
"Does anyone else have a feeling that Health class is not healthy for your health?

EDIT: https://health.usnews.com/wellness/for- ... rming-kids"
People in my physics class were acting soooo weird today... including my teacher.
Really weird, or just Relatively weird...?
"my high school science olympiad team is really incompetent compared to my middle school

just look at my events in the signature"
"I gave Code.org a seizure today!

(I would show you a picture but I don't know where I would upload the picture so I'll just put this)
CODE: SELECT ALL
World.frameRate = 60;
var group = createGroup();
for (var i = 0; i < 10;) {
  group.add(createSprite(200, 200));
}
group.setScaleEach(5);
function draw(){
 background(""white"");
 group.x = World.mouseX + randomNumber(50,-50);
 group.y = World.mouseY + randomNumber(50,-50);
drawSprites();
}"
REALLY weird... like, even the un-weird people were weird.
Given that you're weird, who's talking?
And no one mentioned my pun...
I understood your pun don't worry...
Yay!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Yes. Of course.
Welcome back!
Thanks!
The secret to happiness is burying all your true feelings and living a life of bland compromise
Montana's had its state tournament already; why isn't there a state tournament results thread yet?
I deleted a spambot that sent me me a message, and my inbox now permanently has at least one unread message.
Sorry, but I had to... It won't let you read messages from deleted users?
Heyy... that's mean. My physics teacher fell off his stool in class and when we were walking back to class, everyone was saying "shh" because my teacher told us to be quiet.
The user deleted the message leaving just a receipt, and when the user was deleted, the deleted message receipt was deleted, too.
"Oh...
linzhiyan wrote:
Jacobi wrote:
linzhiyan wrote:
REALLY weird... like, even the un-weird people were weird.
Given that you're weird, who's talking?
Heyy... that's mean. My physics teacher fell off his stool in class and when we were walking back to class, everyone was saying ""shh"" because my teacher told us to be quiet.
Embrace the weirdness."
"Yay. Another University has accepted me into their college of engineering.
(Time to see if I can get into the top 10% now...)"
Which one?
"Just the usual places you know. Like Rice, Upenn, UC Berkeley, UIUC, Stanford... (Just to name a few I wish )
Michigan Tech"
Feeling pretty down right now... my parents are taking away my laptop, my phone, and they're also not paying for my tennis lessons anymore... They just got me a flip phone grrr.....
"Oof... If you want to vent about it, feel free to.
(Is it wrong how much I can relate to all ^that???)"
Happy Thanksgiving everybody!
Ditto!
"East told me that there's a ""delete all forum posts"" button on the admin side of the web. Maybe you can ask him to see if this button will delete the unread message that's stuck.

Happy Thanksgiving Everyone!"
Happy Thanksgiving!!!!
I prefer DROP DATABASE phpBB3;.
"CODE: SELECT ALL
|/*
|*Potential Solution
|*/
|
|/**
|*Allows for clearing of a forum's unread messages
|*/
|public interface ForumClear{
|/**
|*Clears forum's unread messages
|*@param password The administrator's password
|*@param confirm True to confirm clear
|*/
|    public void clearUnread(String password, boolean confirm);
|}
|public class ClearableForum extends SciolyForum implements Forum Clear{
|//Add methods here.....
|}
|public class RunForum{
|    public static void main(String args[]){
|         ClearableForum soinc = new ClearableForum();
|         soinc.load();
|}"
Pacifists don't necessarily live in the Pacific.
If you just delete the entire website, the unread message will go away. Better yet, delete the internet.
I agree with kate! But better yet, do what Kiran Biswas wanted to do in the Genius series (Leopoldo Gout): Delete the Internet with a program called Shiva, and launch a new Internet called Rama.
"Ndjdjwohnadkjfd when your mom takes your phone and starts browsing through the forums.
Mom: ""Why do some people have 2 stars and others have 3?""
Me: ""Umm...""
Dad: ""How many do you have?""
Me: ""2.""
Mom: ""Why?""
Dad: ""Is it because you don't post enough?""
Me: ""Yep!!""
Mom: ""Well, don't let me see you have more than two, or else I'll know that you've been posting too much.""

Disclaimer: all of this is translated from Mandarin."
No comment
just don't make any useful posts ever and your post count will never move
Yep... and at the rate I'm going at as of now, it shouldn't be hard.
"Your Daily Random Comment
Last post by linzhiyan « Fri Nov 23, 2018 3:33 am
Replies: 22622
[*]Hello, all!|Whazis do?[/*]
Edit: Then what's it in the buttons for...?"
Huh? Isn't that just the number of replies the thread has?
Wow spoilers much? If that happened after the first book then shame on you. If it didn't, then shame on you for spoiling others.
22622 is a nice, palindromic number...
Big facts, lol. Fyi, this is my first ever post made with my new flip phone...
How do you make a post with a flip phone??
They've got a internet browser button...
Hmm, maybe I've only used old flip phones before then... the only thing I could ever do with them was call. I remember when I finally figured out how to send a message with one... I got in so much trouble for it.
My mother's had a external antenna, and it had a browser... I think it's the up button on the circle...
"Yeah, I can type on my flip phone... barely...
I literally hate my life so much right now ... no Surface, no smartphone (it wasn't even a good one to begin with , and I didn't even use it too much or anything ), no tennis. This is a terrible Chromebook, and my flip phone is both awkward and socially embarrassing. Right now, all I got is piano and Scio.
Anybody willing to trade lives for a while??"
I would, although I don't think you'd like to live mine anyways...
It's fun debating your friend...especially when you can get their contentions...
"It's a list item. It should be used like this:
CODE: SELECT ALL
[list]Here's a list:
[*]List Item 1
[*]List Item 2
[*]List Item 3[/list]
Which appears like:
Here's a list:
List Item 1
List Item 2
List Item 3"
I thought it might be a form of list from what I've seen of the [wiki][/wiki], but it didn't make a list when I tried, so I just kept editing it to see what happened...
It just took me five times to log in because I couldn't spell my username...
"Oof.

I am also temporarily banned from the IRC because it thinks I'm a floodbot. RIP me"
Try a different device...
"Hmmmmmm ok.
I'll also going to try out if it works with a different IP address because I've noticed that Wikipedia gets different IP addresses when I'm at school and at home
EDIT: Nope"
Try a different Nick then...
Nope
Did you try a different Nick on a different IP address?
You could try using a different client...
IT'S CHRISTMAS TIME MAH DUDES!!!!!!!!!!
Check out my new userpage! It needs work, but I'm proud of it nevertheless.
"I smashed my foot into the stairs and my big toe hurts now
Like acute pain, not bruise pain



owwwwwwwwwwww"
"When you remember your concert date wrong and thought that it was this week instead of next and had already switched your piano lesson... ahhhhhhhhhh

Ooh, yay! I typed all of that^ without looking at the keyboard..."
Congratulations.
"YAY SCHOOL JUST GOT CANCELED TOMORROW!!!!!
Reasons to be happy.
1. Now I get a 6-day vacation.
2. I don't have to make up the snow day. (Being a senior has its perks )
3. Extra sleep!
4. Video Game day tomorrow!
5. It's a snow day!"
LUCKYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY
Living in sub-zero temps has its perks.
"Ughhhhhh, it was in the high 50s today, here...
Although the tornado warning DID go off, and one of my friends said, ""YASSSSS, NO SCHOOL TOMORROW IF THE SCHOOL IS BLOWN UPPPPPP!!!!!!!!"""
"Wouldn't it be no school for a while?

Still no one's commented on my new userpage ."
I never get school canceled because of weather... *cries*
When my school gets cancelled, it’s because hundreds of people have lost their livelihoods to floodwaters.
I didn't even get out when the dead pine feel on my house a few years ago... If course I'd already done the days work when we got home and saw it... All it did was break the main beam of the roof, nothing serious... A little plaster in the living room...
School never gets cancelled when you hit college. Enjoy your snow days while they last.
You say that, but I had an average of one cancelled day a year in college. Pro-tip: go to an urban school where a significant portion of students are commuters.
FTFY
I live in SoCal, where our "cold" is 72 degrees Fahrenheit (At least for me)
Oof instead of snow we get very laggy/broken school internet
go follow @sciolymemes_ on instagram for a good time
"EastStroudsburg13 wrote:
You say that, but I had an average of one cancelled day a year in college. Pro-tip: go to an urban school where a significant portion of students are commuters.
Those are rookie numbers. I've had four days of school cancelled in this semester alone; two due to Hurricane Florence, two more due to a water main breaking on campus. And it hasn't even snowed yet. Just wait -- a couple inches is enough to shut down the whole southeast."
"Sorry for double posting but lets talk about the fact that NASA just put another lander on Mars. This one is called InSight (and because it's NASA, it has a cool acronym; Interior Exploration using Seismic Investigations, Geodesy and Heat Transport). It's going to study the interior of Mars.

There were also two small satellites sent along with InSight, called MarCO-A and MarCo-B. They're each 10x20x30 cm, the size of an excellent MP device, lol."
To whoever added the frequency to cents off converter to the Sounds of Music scoresheet - thank you, you're a good person
"OPINIONS EXPRESSED ON THIS SITE ARE NOT OFFICIAL; THE ONLY PLACE FOR OFFICIAL RULES CHANGES AND FAQS IS SOINC.ORG.
Just trying out the disclaimer button..."
"This
This, This
This
[*]This
This
This
This
This
This
This
This
This
This
This]
SCIOLY.ORG/RULES
SCIOLY.ORG/RULES
Same as OPINIONS EXPRESSED ON THIS SITE ARE NOT OFFICIAL; THE ONLY PLACE FOR OFFICIAL RULES CHANGES AND FAQS IS SOINC.ORG....
Experimentation..."
When you update your resume and realize that you have over 500 hours clocked in SciOly over the course of 4 years...
"noob

(I had 3 times that just last year)"
oof when I was in middle school I spent maybe 1.5 hours after school every day every year...
-_- Do note that I ain't including time spent at invitationals... If I add that in I get about 800+...
Alright, solely time spent on events is about half of that.
That's what I thought...
Why are there spam bots????
"EXACTLY!
I did ask in a forum post somewhere and it's automated bots that search the internet for forums and spam posts for ads

On a similar note, some dude got in my 1st period Science's spreadsheet for our kinetic energy lab and spammed it with corrupted text and Shrek images
I got a whole Google folder of screenshots but I can't share them with anyone here because it won't show for anyone not in our district but yeah

EDIT: He's apparently from the high school and got on there somehow"
"viewtopic.php?f=4&t=12829#p367890

And imo those screenshots are not things that need to be shared for the rest of us on scioly.org."
Ugh. You know you are at an insanely competitive invitational when a score of 105 in XPD doesn't get you top 4...
At Solon last year 105 wouldn't have been in the top 30.
Do realize that this year the max possible points in XPD is 106... (So say that's a score of 119 at Solon last year )
The max possible points is 110 - the rules manual has a typo.
AGH! I KNEW IT! I saw 108 and 110 scores before so I was confused... We then let's say that's a score of 110 at Solon...
It snowed last night in the Treasure Valley!
Lol. On that note, IL had tornado warnings in effect and my city got a torrential thunderstorm...
What's snow again...?? St. Louis is currently experiencing umm... 50-degree weather.
70...
"Watching a Forensic Files episode about a triple homicide committed by someone a victim met via online dating.

Goes to commercials, and what do you get?

An ad for Match dot com.


Edit: and then an ad for eHarmony the next break. Nice."
You know you're screwed when you have no idea how to do your homework and have a test tomorrow.

"*73
John Richardsim wrote:
Watching a Forensic Files episode about a triple homicide committed by someone a victim met via online dating.

Goes to commercials, and what do you get?

An ad for Match dot com.


Edit: and then an ad for eHarmony the next break. Nice.
Uh huh...
linzhiyan wrote:
You know you're screwed when you have no idea how to do your homework and have a test tomorrow.
Yep... What's the homework topic?"
Forces, and idk how to do it so, kmnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn.
What's'a "kmnnn..."?
Kill me now...
please do kill me now.
NOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ANOMALY DON"T DIE!!!!!!!!!!!
Congratulations on finally getting a signature. Unfortunately, I'll have to stick to banning you for the * reason now...
When you memorize your 10 minute speech for a debate tournament < 24 hours before you give it
"Better than STARTING Congress research <2 hours before the tournament...
Oh, and I may also have to rewrite my 1AC..."
"lol congress what a noob
Oratory is harder than congress because you don't need to go too in depth for congress (it's not technically a debate)"
Mmhm, but I did OO last time, so I'm doing Congress this time.
A random comment? Part of me wonders what my reputation as a test writer is among current competitors, lol.
Highly respected.
Kill meeeeeeeeeeeee... MO Scioly regionals is on the same day as MSHSAA districts (for band AND speech and debate...) The speech and debate conflict doesn't bother me much, but BANDDDDDDDDD... I'm playing 3 pieces as a small ensemble, so it's not like I can just back out of it...
scioly > everything else
What you could try and do is switch around the events so that for instance depending on when each event is you could do the scioly events in the morning and then the band in the afternoon (that's what happened to me almost in my junior year... one of the craziest days ever )
Speech and debate conflicts with our regionals too :/ (doesn't affect me, but it affects quite a few others.)
If some of your events are during the band portion, shove someone else in your event's empty spot and hope your teammate knows what they're doing. (They don't check who's assigned to who, right?)
Hahahhahahahahahaha, sorry guys, I obviously CANT read... band coincides with NSDA speech and debate, but regionals coincides with MSHSAA speech and debate, therefore it does NOT conflict with band... ))))
OOF
"WAIT I did not realize that asghjklgdfjka oh well
EDIT: lol I forgot you're division C"
the benefits of being a subscriber... first viewer on the first video xD
shhh you weren't supposed to reveal yourself
He's not it anyways. I know because I can check.
not to mention he's dead.
Not usually the right place to ask for this kind of thing but does anyone have Dartmouth scores?
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1lHN41k ... h3uV_/view
turtle
What?
I have no idea

Merry Christmas!

"scioly.org is snowing!
and St. Louis isn't..."
Merry Christmas!
lol we forgot it was christmas and that stores were closed, so my dad and i drove to the store only to find it closed, ruining our plans for my mom's birthday tomorrow :(
Hey! You shouldn't be pouting. ChiTown is supposed to have snow on the ground...
It was only a few flakes this morning, so I spent a minute or so seeing if my old age and eye floaters had finally been introduced, or if I should have asked for a new laptop for Christmas
Yeah, it kind of sucked, since now we have nothing... smh
"It's your favorite retired admin checking in here, hoping you all are having a wonderful holiday season. Best of luck in all your competitions this season.

I'm gonna go wander off and see if any of my local tournaments need tests written for them."
Spending 1+ hours attempting to dissolve a whole motel soap in your bath makes your hands feel funny... And everywhere else that was submerged...
ZEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE :D
"I just have this

as my background for no reason at all"
When I interned at Corteva Agriscience, my desktop background on my work laptop was this image on tiled mode:
Hop on Chat for an informal new year's party!
[citation needed]
theres 124242 posts in the general chat
Fireworks!
"yea i just noticed! this is cool
FIREWORKS - WAFFLETREE APPROVED"
Happy new year!
Rip, I'm on mobile and the fireworks keep moving the display around. They're cool though.
Happy new year fiya works!
They are nice... What are they running on? Also, does it have anything to do with ProBoards? I found them on a Google Search...
The fireworks use Javascript written by Stephen Chapman.
Darn, I am ill.
"Ok.
antoine_ego wrote:
Darn, I am ill.
Up pee I hope you get better."
I really didn't want to go back to school today.
Why isn't there a clapping smiley...??
Agreed
sigh i didn't either. just had to deal with it man :/
RIP
"Oh, pigeon... Now that I've fixed that... Whazat?
Anomaly wrote:
CrayolaCrayon wrote:
I really didn't want to go back to school today.
sigh i didn't either. just had to deal with it man :/
It is a pain going back today... It'll be March or thereabouts before I get a break..."
Darn. I continue to be ill.
Of what do you ail? Sorry, I'm a DD'er
**sigh** I just realized how much I miss the forums...
Welcome back my good friend.
YASSS!!! I scraped an A in physics... thank goodness, omgg... (It's a *very* low A, but hey, A's are all the same )
When you mention SOUP in your UPenn application essay. (Lol. I know I won't get in so why not. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ )
smhhh
Just you wait until college...
Indeed, where you may have moments where you just want to pass, no matter what grade you end up getting
Ahhhhh, I’m not ready for college...
"College.... *shudders*
roommates.....*jumps out dorm window*"
Eh, it's only gonna be as bad as you make it be.
The ability to have a relation with the opposite gender that might actually lead to marriage..........*hides in corner*
Eh, we all fall for that devious trap at some point in life so why avoid it?
"The future scares me. Yet I look forward to it. Another paradox of the human mind. As if there were two entities fighting each other within.
EDIT: Theology and religion. 2 ways to instakill conversations"
The human mind is a paradox beyond comprehension yet very few things are certain in this life except death.
Are you guys ok?
"Are any of Ok? No we are not. We are all under a law of sin, from which there is only one escape.
We're discussing theology and religion we've gotta be abstract yet serious MadCow !"
Especially with that rule, which, like many of the rules of this our life, are useful in most situations. But, alas! There are those times during this trip down the mighty toilet called life upon which it would be educational to bend the rules for a mostly objective, and highly informational, discussion.
This is you people
Ugh, when you report 12+ posts from two bots in the course of 5 mins... (This is why we need mini mods that can at least stop suspected bots from posting/removing the offending post until an official mod approves removal...)
You don't need to keep reporting posts from the same user; they'll all be deleted
Noted. Still quite annoying.
Arrgh. kate didn't scroll up and see why accusations needed to be verified, so when Waffles accused me but then died before he could verify, she asked why the game was still going and confirmed that I was the sassy. THIS IS WHAT HAPPENS WHEN YOU DON'T TAKE THE EFFORT TO SCROLL UP.
If college applications are anything more than ten times worse than my honors English application, I'm dead... I've been staring at my screen for more than two hours but I still can't figure out what to write... Doesn't help that I barely made it into honors this year... I honestly have no idea why I qualify to be in honors... ughhhhhh
I'm sorrrrryyyyyyyyyy (I'm kind of a hypocrite though now because I was yelling at everyone last game to scroll up and look at my rule changes...)
dang i was almost killed before i accused
let's also talk about the eagles vs bears game today ahahaha #thankyoucodyparker
Oh wait, the fireworks disappeared...
Bears had the Eagles on the ropes...
"Every action has an equal and opposite reaction.
Who said this? Newton?
THOMAS JEFFERSON!"
Poor kid. There was I time I thought Parkey was the Eagles' kicker of the future after Akers. The NFL works in mysterious ways.
rip parkey's career
Still waiting for my team to actually do something, instead of sucking.
Oh, so you are a Hamilton fan?
When you look at your calendar and your first invitational for this season is now on the same page... Ahhh, why am I so nervous???????? Oh, right, becausethe teams just came out.
When you weep silently, because pretty much everyone here is going to more invites than you are.
"Don't cry now, wait till you're old like me and can only volunteer at invites, not compete.
kate! wrote:
Oh, so you are a Hamilton fan?
WHO ISN'T???"
Me since I've never seen it
4 days till MIT Invitational. They still haven't sent out room numbers
Idunno... How many people can bounce a football off of two goalposts...?
"and screw over their team when they have one of the best defensive lines?
he missed a kick that would win them their game
but it was tipped
thank you parkey philly legend"
"It'll happen. I need to make the answers on the key to the remaining questions I wrote happen. And make an answer key to a Herpetology test I wrote that is also being dished out this Saturday happen.

(Writing 1.5 exams (since I have a co-ES for MIT this year, yay) and research internship applications simultaneously over winter break is hard)"
"Newton's Third Law of Captaining: Every action taken by a captain has an equal and opposite reaction by angry team members who oppose it.

Respect your captains and coaches. They have an enormously difficult job."
A necessary extension to the original law.
driving through the home state of daniel wright be like owo
That feeling when your golf ball rolls out of the container after having been raised 5 cm is a good feeling. A good feeling indeed.
I live in the home state of New Trier and Stevenson... That's my reality. (Although when I beat one of their teams I be like O_o ?)
Southeast PA...
Hahahaha, about 8 inches of snow and I finally got to build a snowman! (My first one, in fact )
According to my math, assuming 25 billion dollars to build it and all and a population of 328,014,260, the Wall would only cost ~$76 per person in the U.S.
Why are you so obsessed about the wall ? And personally, I wouldn't like to pay $76 for a wall that's biggest purpose is to fuel Trump's sense of pride, and not much else. I could think of 10 other ways that the 25 billion could be better spent.
"Actual gif of me pointing political posts to the Politics thread.



Seriously though, I think of sign spinners like this every time."
"Me on New Year's: It's January 1st, maybe colleges will finally stop emailing me to apply
Me on January 15th: It's January 15th, maybe colleges will finally stop emailing me to apply
Me for the rest of eternity: It's-"
"""doesn't get into a college""
that's going to be me right there."
shhh have faith
"There's an unsubscribe button for a reason... (Although you're not wrong that it's super annoying. )
JoeyC wrote:
""doesn't get into a college""
that's going to be me right there.
We only follow the path that life gives us. If you don't like it make a new path."
"That feeling when you have nightmares about your Mission failing the day before the tournament.

But the nightmares didn't happen in real life! Nice thing about nightmares, they stay in your head."
Me having visions of how I could have improved my boom the night before UChicago... I'm with you antoine_ego.
Ouch ...was cool to meet ya (even tho briefly) irl this weekend tho!
Same to you! Hopefully we'll be able to meet up again at nats (assuming we make)!
Oh I’m booking my travel to nats as soon as I figure out what my summer plans are, so you’ll def see me if you make it ;)
I wonder what the worst proportion of "useful" to total posts is... Only of those with both kinds, of course.
There are a few users with a dozen or so useful posts and a few thousand total posts.
hm, SOSI schedule hasn't been released yet...didn't they release it around this time last year?
Already worrying about next season?
**cough**me**cough**
"I'm subscribed to the Wright Stuff C forum just to see how many spam posts are on it...
and there are a LOT.
Also I GOT MY FIRST 1ST PLACE EVER ON SATURDAY! YEEEEEE"
Nice what was it in?
"Game On
The funny thing is that the theme of the game - space - was very similar to the competition before that one - rockets.
So we basically just reused the game engine from before..... (It was a very simple game where you moved a rocket left and right to doge meteors)"
Yay!! Good jobbbb!!!!
"health class

family life exists"
Can someone who knows Bear's email PM it to me? I was asked to contact him.
PM'ed
Oh wow... this is the latest I've stayed up all this week. I'm proud of myself.
Enjoy while it lasts... Senior year becomes hectic for the elitists of STEM.
it doesnt lol
Lol. Facts.
"I haven't seen it either but I love everything Lin-Manuel Miranda, and the music is freely available on Youtube, Spotify, etc.

linzhiyan wrote:
Unome wrote:
Things2do wrote:
I wonder what the worst proportion of ""useful"" to total posts is... Only of those with both kinds, of course.
There are a few users with a dozen or so useful posts and a few thousand total posts.
**cough**me**cough**
As for this..... I might have y'all beat with my spamming days back in middle school. It was quite bad."
Actually, I've got you beat... You've got 371/2058, and I've got 93/2370... 2371 with this post. Your "helpful" could be up to 74.9% spam without surpassing me... And I've been here less than a year, you've amassed your record over almost ten years...
Stop boasting about how many (lit.) useless posts you have.
No
"My speech and debate schedule:
Days 1-night before competition: relax, work on scioly and schoolwork, sleep at a reasonable time
Night before competition:
- Right after school: cram everything I need to write
- Eveningish: Start memorizing two 10-minute speeches
- Hopefully before midnight: Get my hand motions ready
- Hopefully before 2 AM: Get my homework done for the next day
- Hopefully before 4 AM: Sleep"
And your parents let you stay up to 4 am? Or are they not even aware?
"Mood Meter:
sitting in the corner of a movie theater alone watching dolphin tail 2
*this message is brought to you by the sadboi hours gang*"
"This is me in the 5th stage of grief.

This is how I cope."
"Gotta love life when you've basically spent the entire day running from place to place seeking warmth, getting a place to charge your devices, actually start on homework, and to eat... The predicted time for the power to come back is 2 am as of now... Gotta find a place to stay for the night too... ugh... lovin' life right now... definitely... yep, yep, why not? It's not as if we suffered through the cold for about seven hours before my mom felt well enough to go out... And, oh yeah, pretty much everyone in my family's sick...
A series of unfortunate events much?

EDIT: OOF, rant... sorry guys... Don't read the message above if you don't want to listen to the miserable life of a failing high school teenager"
"Hope y'all get better.

Also, are you enjoying the snow?"
WE. DID. NOT. GET. ANY. asdfhjgaksdjfhav,sg
People from Missouri get all the same things as us Illinoians. Just not snow. (That's a major RIP)
"^^^^^^^^^IKRRR... it's sooooo not fair.

(I mean, if we HAD had snow, it would have been even colder, and the power lines would have taken even longer to fix... not that it's fixed right now... and yes, it's already almost 1 AM... OOF)"
we legit got no snow. we got ice and rain. and it’s like 45° rn and it’s supposed to go down to 6°
Word docs suck. PDFs are good.
I like to use Google docs for my cheat sheets... Maybe that's why I'm not on any events that uses cheat sheets.
Wait did you get a blackout or something? >.<
Yep...
The Wright Stuff forum is a bot magnet...
I'm subscribed to it just for the bot notifications
Agreed.
Until you try to edit one w/out Adobe.
Word docs suck. Open Document Format is where it's at.
LaTeX files are the one true file format.
files*
"I was walking home and I was really hoping I slipped on ice and had to go to the hospital so I wouldn't have to take midterms."
"When your snow day calculator shows very promising results...

Looks like it's gonna be a three day week for me. (And on top of that I don't have to make up any snow days!)"
Hey just wanna let you know "National Cathedral School" is spelled wrong in your signature.
I feel like this is the first "real" winter I've had in several years between KC and Wichita, and I'm not sure I like it...
"Error
page not found
error
...
I need help..."
Oof, I just ate lunch in five minutes because of an English conference, but my teacher is still conferencing with someone and I’ve already waited for 6 minutes... ahhhh
I wonder why they're targeting it...
"Hmmmm
I'm probably wrong, but I think it has something to do with being the last forum alphabetically. The other forum that often gets targeted is Battery Buggy, and that might the forum that's first alphabetically......"
I've sorta suspected that...

SciOly Security: 0 Spam Bots: 1
Can't even see the image *shrugs*
Alt-click... Or right click. I could not figure it out but I had to post it.
Your job now: tag each mod as one of the officers. Minus Bernard, since he's the K-9 doggo keeping watch from the car
YES! That will be sooooo worth it.
I suggest imgur next time. And using the "Preview" function before posting.
I would do imgur but blame my school's filter software... (Stupid school Chromebook.)
This was the warmup in Science class today
I hope you answered correctly. Everyone knows that a beaker of air is the only food on that list.
Wrong. Lego was right: https://www.smithsonianmag.com/smart-ne ... 180970897/
Today, I witnessed someone walk down the hallway on their hands.
uhh totally flunked my math midterm oops
"SciOly Security: 0 Spam Bots: 1
Once again bots attack SciOly."
Pure gold
I imagine this is a very accurate depiction of the mods failure to stop bots in poor old wright stuff forum...
"Where's the K-9?


Edit: I'm the 22880th replier!"
Bernard is in the police car waiting.
me @all my midterms
am i a joke to you


I thought that some mods were going to be offended by being left out of the original meme...
Yeah where's syo
Hey! Not my fault that there weren't enough S.W.A.T people for all the mods... I choose the most important and talkative ones.
Hey, y'don't know who's really more active behind the scenes
I'd love to hear how you developed that metric, especially since Person would appear to fit both of those.
I choose the faces of SciOly... (And my favorites A.K.A not Person. ) The mods I choose are the ones that I could see being on S.W.A.T busting down doors.
But...the mods that are left out are just as much faces of scioly.org! D:
I said I added my favorites... Fine get me a picture of a S.W.A.T raid with at least 20 cops and then I'll add everyone in.
And the random long haired bystander yelling encouragement to the bots and trying to play with the K-9?Me...
I think you only need 11... and robotman is retired anyway
but that leaves out the wikimods...
...Ah well. Someone's gotta stay in the van and radio back to home base, I guess.
That's bernard's job, since he's the K-9
I noticed that Person was left out too ...but I didn't want to say anything...looks like a v2 might be in order Nice job anyway. Although, if bernard is the K-9, who is the police chief
Like I said get me a picture of a S.W.A.T raid with a dozen people or more and I'll make a v2.
eXcUSe yOu you would know how awesome Person (and some of the other mods) are if you would go on IRC and actually see what they're like...
Blame my school's filter software...
Lots of schools block IRC, so I generally recommend accessing it at home. Plus, IRC is not necessarily the most productive place to find yourself during a practice.
"Wayyyyy too true, lol... another tip for IRC: don’t go on it before finishing homework... it distracts you... a LOT.
(Yes, yes, I know that I’m being a hypocrite... )"
"Would it be possible to make a bot dedicated just to flagging and removing spam posts?
Also that last spam bot made 84 POSTS IN 32 MINUTES.
83 IN THE SAME THREAD.
I counted......"
Also sorry for double posting but
Could it be possible to use this to defeat bots???
For creating an account?
Obviously. If this is possible I think the mods should implement it.
Oof, I can’t pass those tests... I have no idea why, lol... I’m 100% human though... I promise.
hmm....suspicious
I cannot confirm her humanity... rumor has it that aunt adopted her from the planet Zorg-462
"Those little things are a pain in the pigeon... Not the old ones, but those new ones where you've gotta find all of the ___, and then hit [Verify], and do it again with other pictures because you were supposed to know there was one behind the tree...

Edit: When was it changed from ""butterfly"" to ""pigeon""?"
I saw that>:(
"I'm a him, not a her.
- = Didn't place
× = Didn't have
+ = Event Conflict prevented my participation
? = I know I placed. Somewhere...
2014 (CLICK TO SHOW HIDDEN TEXT)
[/color]
2015 (CLICK TO SHOW HIDDEN TEXT)
[/color]
2016 (CLICK TO SHOW HIDDEN TEXT)
[/color]
2017 (CLICK TO SHOW HIDDEN TEXT)
[/color]
2018 (CLICK TO SHOW HIDDEN TEXT)
[/color]
2019 (CLICK TO SHOW HIDDEN TEXT)
[/color]
2020 (CLICK TO SHOW HIDDEN TEXT)
[/color]
Invitationals: 5*, Regionals: 14 21, State: 5
Explorers Homeschool Academy!
*10, if you count the 5 when we were the only Division B team to show up.

""People who were willing to challenge that orthodoxy using good scientific methods advanced science. If we freeze science by defining a particular theory as necessary to be a scientist, that idea, by definition, cannot be challenged by scientists. Imagine if that had happened with geocentrism!"" - CMI

""Once 'kids these days' have used all of their time not spent on my lawn to completely pigeon the English language, you and I will be able to sit down and have a nice conversation and those whippernappers won't have a clue what is being said."" - PhilMills_Forgot_His_Burner_Key"
when? (did your gender get mistaken?)
"**cough**I did it before**cough**
**hides** lol"
"Back by popular demand!

SciOly police: 0 Spam Bots: 2
Bots still found in Wright Stuff forum..."
"SNOW DAY! And the best part is...

The perks of senior year."
Wait wait, ANOTHER one...!!!??? Ugh...
Does the word "pants" mean anything to you?
Oof, we just have a teacher work day, no snow.....
But you still don’t have school... unlike me who technically has two tests today... I’m proud of myself for pushing my history test back a day... (I’ve actually pushed it back 3 days already, since it was actually from Friday... yay me...!)
Oh man I want snow on College Walk so badly... (you should watch students have a snowball fight there next time it happens )
ugh lucky you
"And we expect to receive the coldest temperatures in history on Wednesday with a high of -14 degrees Fahrenheit and wind chills at -65 degrees.

Looks like that's gonna be another day of school canceled...
And you all know what that means for me!"
"LOL, WHATTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT
How is that fairrrrrrrrrrrrrr!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!???????????????????"
You're right. It's not fair... We should get both Wednesday and Thursday off! School just canceled for both days! It's a two day week!
"YEEET
I got to school today and they told us we got a 3 hour early dismissal because it was going to snow! It hasn't really snowed yet but my district tends to cancel/get out early whenever there is a chance of snow because the snow could melt and icy roads

EDIT: IT'S SNOWING"
@LittleMissNyan I'm farther north than you, and from what I've heard you're getting more snow? This is so wack...
"I heard on the news that it is supposed to snow in Atlanta...
We haven't gotten any since like November...
Although last year it snowed in like the beginning of April..."
HAHAHAHA, WE DON’T HAVE SCHOOL TOMORROW EITHER!!!!!!!!!!!!! IT’S “TOO COLD”!!!!
I actually hate how you get so many more snow days than us . Better watch out at easter, I'll have an extra nasty surprise for you Behold as I reveal my instrument of revenge!!!
Reeeeeee I sorta want no school tomorrow because I want to go out and sled, but Science Olympiad meets tomorrow and I need to practice Mystery Architecture with my partner!!!! Urgh
Hahaha, don’t get too ahead of yourself... when was the last time your plan actually worked...? (If never did as far as I remember... )
WE GOT A TWO HOUR DELAY TOMORROW BECAUSE ITS TOO COLD APPARENTLY HAHAA
I got no school tomorrow.
Smh Stalin would have said "Haha you make us laugh.
I spilled water on my windowsill, and it literally froze like instantly right where it spilled. We're probably still having school tomorrow (then again I go to university so...)
Noooooo, I had a one hour delay... the weather’s perfect though, so I’m pretty sure it’s because of the petition from last night...
Lol we have no school bc they detected carbon monoxide at a elementary school and closed the whole district as a precaution.
what
staying up until 1 AM because of procrastination
>my friend believes he is a soviet and chases every squirrel up a tree while calling it a german soldier
IT'S ACTIVELY SNOWING BUT WE STILL HAVE SCHOOL
ARG! I managed to break my new glass teapot in less than a month... (I lost control while removing a brush from the spout and hit it against the edge of the sink). I'm mourning it emotionally far more than the $20 replacement cost...
When you get accepted into another university on your top 5 list. O_o
Ayy, that's great Chi!
Slightly urgent question: What font does Avogadro use for its awards ceremony powerpoints?
nicholasmaurer probably has an Avogadro powerpoint (can't think of anyone else active on here who would have the data on hand). What are you trying to do?
Well, so my team was unable to attend the Harvard Awards ceremony, so I wanted to throw something together for them, and me being me, I decided to try to emulate the Avogadro power points as much as possible.
I believe it may be different versions of Open Sans?
Hehehe... skipping school tomorrow because gotta represent the Asian community!!!!!!
Whazis?
Lunar New Year.
新年快乐！
"Thanks, same to you as well! 紅包拿来! Hope the last two characters are the right ones...

LMN, does Aerial Scrambler mean Elastic Launched Glider in your signature?"
Aerial Scramble is a trial event in several states right now.
"Stopping by My Snack Cupboard on a School Evening (Parody of 'Stopping by Woodson a Snowy Evening' by Robert Frost)

By Me and Rock&Roll92 (But mostly me )

The cupboard contents overflow,
They all belong to me you know,
My mom won’t see me stopping here,
To quickly grab some marshmallows.

A rumbling stomach do I hear,
Maybe I’ll drink some of that beer,
Oafish sounds do my belly make,
So hungry I could eat a deer,

I’ll gorge myself for hunger’s sake,
But I’m allergic to that cake.
Oreos in the cupboard’s keep,
I give the Cheez-it’s box a shake.

See the goldfish, I make a leap,
The fishy flavors rich and deep,
And pounds to gain before I sleep,
And pounds to gain before I sleep."








































And that is why Madcow is doing them and not me lol. (I'm his partner for fossils and thermo)
Lmao you god going on the forums during ELA class. I thought that was strictly a me thing
lol she's so boring i know what rhymes are ffs
Chat on IRC or something
"IT'S A SNOW DAY
AGAIN
I'M ACTUALLY KINDA WORRIED WE'RE GOING TO RUN OUT OF SNOW DAYS
BUT YEAH SNOW"
"WHAT!? LUCKYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY!!!!!!!!!
I'm so distracted right now and idek why... I barely finished any homework yesterday and yeah... not good."
Yeah where I am they tend to close school/delay school whenever it snows like an inch or more something like that, something to do with melting points and icy roads....
"your boi has to write 1000 words for his AP World Paper before tomorrow!


life is pain"
Today was a bad day. Today, I don't like Science Team.
"Ahhhhhhhhh, estoy triste.
A friend from my old school was supposed to come shadow me tomorrow, but she's staying too far away and her mom has meetings too early tomorrow... waaaaaaa. **sigh** She's so close yet so far away... ugh."
"SNOW DAY
AGAIN
I AM CONFUSION
ALTHOUGH IT WAS FREEZING RAIN YESTERDAY AND TODAY SO THERE'S THAT"
dude i kinda wish i lived in your area. Here in charlotte we get zero snow, especially in waxhaw. Like during that one giant winter storm everywhere in charlotte got slapped with snow except for waxhaw and i was furious.
That's a good thing, snow is very annoying.
Lol, Unome, do you even get snow?
WDYM?!? Snow is fun! You southerners panic and have everything shut down just because of 0.2 in of snow.
^^
I spent 6 weeks extra replanning a tournament because of snow.
You guys ever get the strange feeling of elation as you are suddenly enlightened on a complicated topic for an event? It's the greatest feeling ever, just after medaling in some of your favorite events. I feel like freaking Buddha, I've been ENLIGHTENED
"oh my gosh yes. Just had mine this past Saturday when I placed 1st in all of my events at regionals.
1. My stupid thermo box isn't as bad as I thought it was
2. Crime is actually really easy if you have common sense
3. Mystery Architecture is still dumb, but pretty easy if, once again, you have common sense."
When you underestimate the power of your thermo box and it's 10 degrees over your prediction (yes this did happen to me at an invitational)
lol
Same, but only by 5 degrees.Thermo is weird,
ayy yo if someone could write my paper for me that would be great
"thank you for comment it was very useful in my learning.

very useful also was the Free Assignment Writing Service to complete deadlines."
having a classmate who randomly moans in the middle of class
"Me dealing with all these pigeon hoops for getting into college...

HELP ME! (SO MUCH PAIN)"
Saddest Valentine's Day story: I get to see neither my Herps nor my Fossils binder today since they're at my partners' houses.
"so I may or may not be in trouble and I may or may not get yelled at
i'll know by lunch"
Oh yikes... what happened?
"So my science teacher was talking about things and I was listening while also doing school things on my Chromebook and the teacher saw me and since he suspects me of doing weird things on it a lot he said he would give me a Reflection (you get a disciplinary paper thing to fill out and I think your parents have to sign it) and he said he would give it to me during lunch
Lunch has passed so hopefully (?) he forgot about it but i'm just trying to stay out of his way until we go home"
Oh, yikesss... Good luck!
Sneak 100
My teachers have completly stopped caring about what I do in class... It's pretty cool until you have 6 tests in one day and don't have time to cram study all of them with a scioly comp the next day.
oh no we're doing mandatory locker cleanout during ELT and we have to go to our Pd. 1 teacher and guess who it is?
"oof.

Just forge their signature lol. I heard this one trick where you flip a paper with their signature on it upside down in order to be able to recreate it easier

don't cite me if you get in trouble lol"
"WHOOP NEVER MIND CRISIS AVERTED HOPEFULLY
and i don't think that would of worked anyway because my parents actually care about what i do in school and emails oof
BUT YEE"
key word - hopefully
"This is why I hate life...

Too much to do too little time..."
Check out the Announcements forum for an update to our test exchanging policy: viewtopic.php?f=24&t=13728.
Monosaccharide sounds a lot like Mono-Sakurai
In response:
"Ahhhhhh, Idk whether to be sad or happy... The last speech and debate invitational was cancelled today due to ""inclement weather"". It's a good thing because I'm not prepared. At all. My oratory speech is a minute short, and still not memorized. My policy case is inexistent. And for radio, well, let's just say idek what I'm doing for that. Stupid me decided to try out a new event at my first varsity tournament.
On the other side of the spectrum, it's bad that the tournament's cancelled because I DON'T HAVE ENOUGH ROUNDS!!!! To have an A+ in the class, we need at least 6 rounds, and this being the last tournament of the year, is my last chance of fulfilling all six. I already have 4 or so, BUT I NEED 2 MORE!!!!!!!!! Speech and debate is the easiest class to get an A+ in... and now I'm gonna fail it because I don't have enough rounds... **sigh**.


Ok, rant over. I guess every good thing comes with some bad. I guess I'll talk to my teacher about the missing rounds and do something extra for districts to make them up..."
"woah...
all I am worried about is getting through my last year of middle school..."
"oof
My rationale:
Oratory: My last performance of my piece was in January :((( I'll never use this script again :cri:
LD debate: This is the only competition in which I haven't broken in :( I prepared a lot (and wasted so much paper) :(((
DI: not too sad because I'm doing this in districts"
What I'm hearing is, a lot of pain could be solved by not doing speech and debate
"A lot of pain could be saved by not doing scioly too, or just not going to school, but what good would that do for you?
if you're debating that one should not do s&d then i'd say solvency and run that you don't solve xd"
"What kind of pain do you get from scioly, silly

Also, you'll get far more pain not going to school"
"Pain = making your fossils binder/studying :/

That's looking with a consequentialist mindset, there's much less immediate pain not going to school."
Nah there are pretty immediate consequences given that it's illegal to not go to school. Also, studying for fossils is fun!
"You're still thinking consequentialist- if I woke up and decided that I want to sleep in and skip school then immediately I'd feel happy/etc. but then when law catches up then I'd be pretty sad. Not doing debate initially sounds like a lot less work, but then you realize you had friends in the club and also lost a chance to improve your speaking and social skills.

Fossils is fun, but other stuff isn't (like GeOmApS)"
"Geomaps is fun too!

And also, there are other ways to make friends and improve your speaking skills, like Mock Trial, or really just doing anything in front of an audience"
"Geomaps is NOT FUN. That's a subjective statement, btw
There are, but you're not refuting my claim - you're merely stating a counterplan."
"Yes I am

Because speech & debate isn't fun"
You can manage a lot of school-skipping while in school, if you plan properly
SOUP and Cornell are streaming! You know what that means: discussing the results on chat!
I laugh when I see memes complaining about how hard college applications are. Sorry, everyone, it only gets worse from there. Applying for internships, grad/professional schools, scholarships, grants, and jobs are all things that you need to do eventually, and you get busier as you grow older. As my old orchestra teacher told us, "life is hard and then you die."
wow can't wait for adulthood
oh boi
"viewtopic.php?f=22&t=13759

If you'd like to see us mods and admins to a live AMA, pls respond to this poll!"
What about the American Music Awards/Association/whatever?
"Ask Me Anything

although I suppose it would be an Ask Us Anything"
Communism approves
AMA = Academy of Model Aeronautics
Oh... At least the "whatever" was accurate...
You were close haha
Ye, its intended acronym was ask me anything (although true, it should more be like ask us anything)
Literally cruising through scioly because I have nothing to do and we have a sub
That's not how mafia scioly works.
I like how tournaments are moving away from the ill-conceived watermarking system of last year.
"Eh, IDK. Jobs and stuff have a greater urgency, and I'm stressed about grad school, but I'm really happy I don't have to play within the arbitrary and dumb rules of college apps anymore. With college apps it's you duck up once, you're screwed so much, but with grad apps or jobs you can have a 3.0/40 and still do just as well as someone with a 4.0 if you have other accomplishments (and these are fairly accessible accomplishments if you play your cards right, not ""4 people from a nation"" kind accomplishments. There is almost no way you can redeem a high school 3.0.

Also with college it's like everyone wants to get into the top colleges, so you're basically stuck in that hypercompetitive environment every time you go to school, or 5/7 days. But not everyone wants the same internships or grants or jobs, so it also feels way less toxic.

You are right in that life is an endless stream of applications and I hate it..."
After reflection upon my Div D life: How involved can a Div D person get, without incurring "They must have peaked in high school" comments?
I think for alot of us that are pursing professional careers in academia, medicine, and other related fields, staying involved is a way for us to nail the "Community outreach/involvement" "requirement" for grad/med schools in a way that we find meaningful (or at least thats how im choosing to justify it)
I suppose that's true. I've gotten internships where I talked about my experiences in tournament running or supervising in the interviews.
@bear
"Help out with Division B so they say you peaked in middle school instead.

But in all seriousness though, I think you can be pretty involved just so long as you aren't super vain about it."
Oof. I just wanna go into Div D and help out at invitationals around the country... (MIT, SOUP, etc) Is that too much to ask for?
...you want your scioly career to end...
Well, it's basically over... Senior year and only 2 months left till state... (Not like we will do well cuz... Well a lot of reasons why :/)
It actually is alot to ask for. For most of those tournaments, having multiple national medals is practically a prereq to get asked to supervise
You can help out without supervising. Over the past couple years I've helped at invitationals in purely a volunteer role. It's a valuable role that needs quality people to fill in order for the invitational to be successful, and it doesn't come with the responsibility of having to actually run the event.
While that's helpful, you can probably make up for a lack of Nationals experience with a year of steady event supervising experience. As it turns out, you can go to a lot of tournaments in one year... I'm heading to my 11th of the season this weekend.
Wait, Unome, which one is that?
^that is crazy though. Honestly, I got burnt out by five consecutive weekends of supervising (I also supervised at state after that and then traveled to nats as a general volunteer), so it’s probably better to do what’s best for you as opposed to as many as possible.
I've never done more than three in a row - Georgia's tournaments being so spread out probably helps a lot.
"In general, being a fly-in is difficult regardless of how many medals you have. PUSO and MIT are the two I know of who do fly-ins, and I know PUSO starts with a local wave before opening the app to others. SOUP and GGSO are mainly UPenn and bay area people, respectively.

However, there's still a lot of ways you can help out which are just as rewarding. Regionals and States tournaments are in constant need of people, and they aren't super picky. It's a good way for you to get experience, and you get to substantially help out an official tournament. Similarly, you can always apply to local invites.

If you really want to write for invites across the country, you can always talk to them about remote writing, where you submit an exam but don't proctor, or team up with someone who's writing for them."
"I have some experience supervising division b

might start supervising more if I ever get the time, which i most likely won't LOL."
so my school district blocked Grammarly for some reason
Someone doesn't like the idea of perfect papers...
LOL, I feel bad for you... oof

LMN, I believe we have found an adequate solution to your lack of Grammarly.
"Lol, today in English, my teacher divided the class up into three parts. Part 1) Grammar stuff. Parts 2 and 3) Poem.
I chose the first part without hesitation lol... Honestly, it was only because I didn't know what to say for the poem because I only went in and marked all of the preposition words in the poem."
I hate the fact that no matter how hard I try, on ANY test over 5 questions I will always mess up.
College exams be like that. One or two multi-part free response for the entire test
"This is the ideal exam (Fig. 1). You may not like it, but this is what peak academic performance looks like.

Figure 1. Princeton University Science Olympiad tournament 2017 Astronomy exam."
Princeton seems to have some weird thing for anime...
It's one person in particular.
Who will unfortunately be graduating this year
There's more then 1. Fermi has anime references last year, and is completly anime themed this year. Thermo and Dynamic also has anime references last year. Then theres whatever that test was from, and maybe more I don't remember off of the top of my head.
"Astro 2017, DP 2018, Fermi 2018, and Fermi 2019 were all written by the same person lol

RIP time to dip PUSO 2020"
All of those tests were authored by the same individual, if I recall correctly.
There's gotta at least be someone who will still be there who would continue it for the memes...
How does this person successfully intertwine an anime plot line with event like fermi, I-
That's mostly one person I think.
I love it when you pull off a SciOly first and you're the last person who'd you expect to do it. (My team can't stop making memes...)
When regionals is next Saturday and your team captain switches up your partner last night...
"So Regionals was yesterday
15 teams go to states
WE GOT 16TH PLACE
7 POINTS AWAY FROM STATES
the saving grace is the results don't include Battery Buggy for some reason and I don't think it got thrown out so they will have to recalculate the results for Battery Buggy
so i'M PRAYING"
MY PRAYERS ARE GOING TOWARDS YOU
I sincerely hope you make it to states!
"At various points in high school, I regretted doing Science Olympiad. Got involved in various degrees of drama, and it sapped energy and time from pursuing IChO more strongly. As you can see in my signature, I'm from a very prominent SciOly school. What's worth remarking is that though we get campers to various Olympiad camps quite periodically, very very few of them make the international cut. (I want to say only 1, but again, there may be others who were lost to the annals of time.) International olympiads require a lot of prep; i's widely speculated that doing Science Olympiad diverts our campers.

Now, I'm really glad I did this instead of pursing IChO. My Div D life has been way better than my post-ChemOly life. IChO would have given me a very different viewpoint and community, but in all honesty, I don't really vibe with a huge chunk of the campers. Getting involved with invites beats camp mentoring.

-the thoughts of an undergraduate trying to finish a problem set at 310 am"
"WE'RE
GOING
TO
S T A T E S
YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEET"
Congratulations! Did you finish in 15th, then?
Nope but we were like the 11th school since some other teams from the same school were in front of us so YEET
GOOD JOB!!!!!!
YAYAYAYA
Why does Soundtrap make everything laaaaaaaaag
"Tuesday: Open Genetics Lab
Wednesday: Differential Equations quiz
Thursday: Organic chemistry lab
Friday: Organic chemistry test, biology notebook check, transfer apps due
Sunday: Organic chemistry lab report
Monday: Biology lab report

I may actually experience a panic attack at some point in this week."
"I have a 7-9 paragraph research paper due next Friday and I still don't have one of the topics for my last paragraph.
I literally had to leave the classroom and get water before I had a nervous breakdown."
Congratulations. Is that 11th in the state, or 11th at your Regional? And, how many people are on your team?
16th team, 11th school, I don't know
My science olympiad team is so poorly run I'm willing to let it die this year, so I can run for office next year and rebuild it from the ground up.
"Oh yeah also Overwatch League season 2 finally started PogChamp

ShieldsUP for the LA Gladiators!"
"big oof

And according to the poll I put out it seems most of the people on here don't get enough sleep"
"Uhh... for some (maybe even most?) people here, we're high schoolers with Scioly on top of that. When you get to high school, your definition of ""late"" changes... (a lot)...
I remember when I was younger how happy I was when my parents let me stay up past 10 LOL... those good old days... **sigh**

Also, GOOD JOB AT REGIONALS AND GOOD LUCK AT STATES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

EDIT: I know my congratulation is late... but I haven't really been active for uhh 1 day..."
10 is somewhat late...
"Ugh anyone wanna do my AP Chem homework? I'll do your Spanish homework. I am so done with school right now.
(Not SciOly though )"
"Heheheh... if you don't mind failing that assignment, sure... oh wait, I didn't have Spanish homework.
You can take my Spanish quiz for me though."
I can try to help you even though i haven't done honors or ap chem yet LOL
Your prayers have been answered: viewtopic.php?f=24&p=380825#p380825
YEET
theres 166669 posts in the general chat
Ya just gotta love getting yelled at by your teacher and then crying in class...
Awww thats a feelsbadman. Wanna talk about it?
Anyone watch the Cohen testimony today? I feel like I'm watching a soap opera. Or a documentary. Or some grotesque mix of both.
Oof, sorry to ask but what happened?
Lotta stuff. Got dramatic... Looks like it's time to revive the politics thread...
"I'll tell you about it on IRC.
Thanks"
"Without ""taking sides"":

Trumps former personal lawyer (who has been convicted of several crimes both relating and not relating to his involvement in the Trump campaign) testified to Congress that Trump was aware of and even ordered several illegal hush-money payments and many other nefarious activities.

But there's quite a lot more info than that. I recommend reading up on it."
When you get a scholarship for doing SciOly! Also award letters are coming through and I'm quite pleased with some schools and quite unpleased with others.
Currently celebrating in our scioly group chat about our boomilever team mate reaching the minimum weight to meet the goal this week. It was like new years all over again.
I have an English quiz today
Join the Builder Cult! If build events are your passion.
?
Lol. Look at my signature.
ew no
Build events are my passion, but are there any significant benefits in joining the cult?
You join a society that supports each other. If we get 5+ we can probably get our own Team Chat. Then we can trade tips and tricks for builds. Also it will rival The Entho Cult.
You're still spelling it wrong... it's not that hard to spell
"https://www.serebii.net/swordshield/pokemon.shtml

What is Pokemon doing..."
I'll join
"when your starters all look identical

(what gen are we one now anyway? 7 or 8?)"
When you try fixing up your battery buggy but instead break the internals of your push button :,)
"When you get into your dream university!

Also in other news, I have requested that the mods allow members of The Builder Cult to have their own team chat so we can talk about builder stuff in more detail compared to what gets pretty lost in the regular forums. Hope it goes through as I think this is pretty useful for us builders.
Builders Rise Up!"
Which university did you get accepted to?
The University of Illinois Champaign-Urbana. Ranks in the top ten schools for engineering period.
Congratulations! That's actually really cool!
IKR! You should have seen how freaked out I got... My bpm also reached 140 btw.
"I thought it's Urbana-Champaign lol

Anyways, congratulations!"
YAY! CONGRATULATIONS!!!!!!! (And have fun at college next year. )
...is illinois the friendliest state? (Sassy 134 has been occupying my mind for far too long)
You should drive down and volunteer at the MO state tournament! God knows what help moscioly needs...
"You should help out at tomorrow's regional competition!
Also, good luck to all competitors tomorrow!"
"Good luck!

Pray for those golds in fossils and expd"
Hahahaha... I'm for sure not gonna place, so... heh... I'm just hoping that I don't bomb so hard that I'm the reason why Clayton doesn't make States...
"Uh, who cares... Potato Potato.
dxu46 wrote:
TheChiScientist wrote:
dxu46 wrote:
Congratulations! That's actually really cool!
IKR! You should have seen how freaked out I got... My bpm also reached 140 btw.
You should drive down and volunteer at the MO state tournament! God knows what help moscioly needs...
What do you think I plan on doing for Div. D"
That's great man! Good luck in college next year!
Yeah. Only thing I'm gonna miss is SciOly... State is gonna be depressing and my friend already said she's gonna cry and I told her not to cuz if she cries then I'll cry and then we'll all be sad about our last moments in SciOly. At least there's Div. D.
Ugh, when you failed sooo badly that you know that you didn't place 2 hours before awards even start.
well you ended up placing in code and you get to go to state, so
"Heyyy two things that I didn't get to do, good for you!

No, I don't do code busters, but I wanted to"
"Heyyy two things that I didn't get to do, good for you!

No, I don't do code busters, but I wanted to"
I find it sad there are so few binary system radial velocity curve questions this year for Astro on the tests I've seen. They were all the rage in 2017, and the relevant section is still on the event description.
"Hehehe... it was unexpected :/ ...
Thanks!
(Also, I probably won’t make the states team anyways so... :/ )

Edit: Omg, I just went through my Scioly medals and just realized that I DID place in Dynamic Planet last year... turns out I got a 3rd at regionals...? Hmm...
Edit 2: Oof, last year’s regionals... I was sick, so I couldn’t go to awards... today was the first time I’ve ever been to a regionals award ceremony..."
Omg, when you find a tiny frog just hopping around in your apartment. O_0 What is this?!? Someone call the herpetology team!
Send a picture so us herp kids can ID it!!
"Here you go...
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1ZvcY5r ... sp=sharing
The better question right now is how the heck the Frog got into my apartment in the middle of winter..."
"Stupid stupid stupid stupid English essay... and my mom just turned off the wifi and it's only like 5 and so now I'm on hotspot but we barely have any data so hah, rip us. (She turned off wifi but didn't take my phone... hmm... she was asking for it -_-) Ain't my fault if we run out of data this month.
On an even darker side, both my mom and my sister has the flu... and guess who can't get sick...

EDIT: Wth, my mom just told me to move 2 TV's across the house with only the help of my sister who is... uhhh... weak."
So I was rewatching windu's vehicle events video (for like the 10th time lol), and I realized that the length and in-depthness of the video could possibly "scare" many people away from watching it. At first sight, the 1 hour and 1 minute was quite a shock, at least to me. The thought occurred to me that perhaps more people would be able to appreciate the content if it was split into many short videos based on topic, perhaps 3 to 5 minutes long each. This way, I believe more people would watch the videos, since they would be able to easily pick videos on topics that they were specifically inquiring about. The individual segments could be compiled into one or two playlists, for organization's sake. Additionally, making the whole thing playlists full of short segments would result in more more large advantage: the addition of new segments. windu talks a lot about some other EVs built by notable competitors, and friends of his, and his analyses are very helpful. However, newer faces are popping up every year - and with them - new, innovative, extremely competitive vehicles. With the implementation of playlists, people who were willing would be able to showcase and explain their own vehicles. I propose two playlists: The first would be for theory and design, including segments about materials, chassis, over/understeer, sighting, wheels, etc. The second would be for notable competitors' devices, like the EVs of windu, Nestor, Markus Williams, David Yang, etc. Thoughts?
i hate myself.
Now, what did you do?
Anything you wanna discuss?
"Heh, I actually didn't even hear about that until I got out of my last event in the last timeslot.
AND I ALWAYS GO BACK TO THIS PICTURE (CLICK TO SHOW HIDDEN TEXT)"
lol
So I found a thing
"What is this?????????
It's interesting..."
I was thinking it dinged every time a Wikipedia page was updated
So apparently bells are for additions and strings are for subtractions and string swells are for new users
Omg, one of my teachers (I think it was my social studies teacher last year) also showed this to us...
How does a 4 minute drive take 18 minutes? Thus I was late, and there goes my NJHS membership. But can you really blame a student for being 1 minute late if the line of cars was close to a mile long? The office secretary acts like I'm some kind of alien or demon even thought IT"S NOT MY FAULT!
I've only done herpetology once at an invitational so I can only say with confidence that is not a blue-tailed skink.
*blue-tongued?
It's also not blue-tailed though
My School Is Going To State!!!
YEET
So my LA teacher posted a thing for the book we're reading at 5:51 in the morning. Now what was my LA teacher doing on her computer at 5:51 in the morning?
That's not that bad. My LA teacher posts things at ~4:45 AM on a regular basis. She also once posted something at ~2:30 AM, so she only gets like 2 hours of sleep??
"The best thing is: I DON'T HAVE TO DO WATER QUALITY!!!!!

It overlaps with WIDI"
✧･ﾟ:*✧･ﾟ:* \(◕‿◕✿)/ *:･ﾟ✧*:･ﾟ✧
Lmao, my Engineering teacher last year posted stuff at 1-3 am on average...
The AMA is live: https://youtu.be/u814DwWxyYc
What is AMA?
Ask me anything
Oh, thx
"Ok, so the mods think that the builder cult will never rival the entho cult. Time to prove them wrong!
This is a call to action my brother and sister builders! Show your allegiance to the Builder Cult!
Builders Rise Up!"
"""entho""

I mean, the mods aren't wrong though..."
How many times do I have to tell you this? It's Teh Ento Cult
"Ddi oyu eman ""The?""

Sorry I had to."
actually no. its "teh"
It's the middle of March, making this officially (I think) my latest check-in for any season ever. This post had no other purpose.
EY! My boi from IL! Nice to see you back Skink.
Is that an entomology cult? If so, how do I join?
I was told you couldn't join unless you did Entomology the event
can I have a list of all the "cults"?
No
I did it 4 years ago but I wasn't on scioly yet lol
What if I decide to do my graduate research on beetles and stuff
A PSA alerting everyone that pi day is in two days
"Twoset hit 1 million subs!
a little late but"
I GOT MY BRACES OFF! IT FEELS A LITTLE WEIRD BUT STILL
*initiate panic mode for regionals tmrw*
"1. why is it on a Thursday
2. AAAAAAA WHAT
✧･ﾟ:*✧･ﾟ:* \(◕‿◕✿)/ *:･ﾟ✧*:･ﾟ✧
GOOD LUCK SPRINKLES"
A lot of states have regionals on weekdays. Some, like NJ, even have their state tournament on weekdays.
I wouldn't say "a lot". Pennsylvania and New Jersey are certainly the most prominent examples. One of Georgi'as has had a Friday tournament for a few years. Off the top of my head, I can't think of any other examples of weekday regional or state tournaments.
"There're 23222 posts in Y.D.R.C.

Edit: Make that ""replies""... Thanks, Unome."
I mean, NJ and PA are probably the two states I've followed the most lol
Way Too Early Predictions is kinda spammy now.
Lol sorry I think a lot of that may have come from me because after I sent that long essay to Nick's joke predictions, everyone started replying with irrelevant stuff
At least your states aren't this Saturday (dying inside because i'm going between feeling supremely confident to very scared)
At least you're going to states
"OOF. Yea I got till April 13... So far away but time flies eh? (One week till state is when panic mode activates )
Also, 65 days till I graduate... (Life goes by so fast...)"
rip
Ahhh... I feel you.
At least your states weren't this past Tuesday.
I'm very happy that my score tracking spreadsheet worked really well at States! My old one didn't work nearly as well.
Happy Pi day, everyone!
dang it you beat me to it
So we're taking notes about taking notes
"When they ruin a series for you by killing off one of the main characters in the most brutal, senseless manner possible.
THERE WAS SO MUCH POTENTIAL! AND YOU JUST-ajfoija;oifnae!"
Is this Game of Thrones? It sounds like Game of Thrones, and is a primary reason I don't follow GoT at all.
Also sounds like Percy Jackson hmm...
Sounds like history class to me
It also sounds like Downton Abbey (do NOT judge what I watch, it is great)
"I knew I shoulda hoped on here this morning...

3.1415926535897932384626433832795028841971693993751058209749445923078164062862089986280348253421170679821!"
"That's an interesting number to take the factorial of

Time to break out the gamma functions?"
Use Stirling's Approximation lol
I can't believe that took me a minute...
"When you do your AP Chem lab that isn't supposed to be dangerous yet you see wisps of smoke wafting off your lab station...
We panicked thinking there was a small fire..."
Oh. Was there? Reminds me of the time that my science teacher forgot about the fire drill so everyone ran around frantically when the fire alarm went off.
When you realize that you've just taken your last fermi test ever... It was a good run.
At least you won it!
I feel kinda hungry.
same.
I wish people posted more in Awesomely Run Events Stories; in my opinion, positively reinforcing awesome event supervising is probably more useful than punishing people who are often just doing their best.
"It's often easier to be upset at people and unhappy at all the ways they've failed while remaining ignorant at all the things a tournament does right. That being said tournaments should be expected to be doing their very best because the competitors are often also doing their very best and it can be disappointing for someone's hard work over a season to go down the drain just because an event was run badly.

I am absolutely speaking from experience."
I somehow doubt that Bearden or Farragut will win Tennessee's State competition. I've heard rumors about Bearden losing their coach that was good at motivation et cetera... Then again, that coulda just been a rumor to encourage our B people to study in hopes of having a chance. And it seems like Farragut had a lot of seniors, although that's a 2 year old memory of something I wasn't paying attention to...
That moment its 3 days late but you still want to talk about the fact a lot of people, including people on your own team (BREAD), thought you were gonna lose state but then you end up with the best score ever recorded for the state ! And your team is going to nats for the 30th time!
Have heard that one too, but I cannot confirm or deny. Hedging a bet that it will be FCS for B; no idea for C.
F.C.S. is Friendship Christian, right?
Keep in mind there's the second bid from WV to consider. While I pray that it goes to MO so my friends can finally go to nats in division B for once, TN is still a threat.
"Yeah... Think we in C could get one?
Yes, I know how the bids are assigned..."
Hot take but I want it to go to MO. The competition is far more intense there, and I believe it would make for a better national tournament.
If only the bid system were merit-based
"I take that back.

You put it like that and then suddenly, the entire southeast and all rural states suddenly drop to one bid. New England and the Midwest disproportionately gain more bids. Not equitable or good if the goal is to expand access to quality STEM opportunities."
Honestly, expanding to 66 teams per division would probably stop most of the discontent for quite a while.
Which wouldn't really take up that much more space...when was the last expansion?
Last expansion was 2005, from 54 to 60.
"WAIT
are you telling me that rural states in the middle of no where have 2 bids...............
BUT TEXAS ONLY HAS 1?!?"
Not really - actually not at all anymore, now that the 2-bid pool has shrunk so much.
Unless you count NY, CA, NC, MI, IL, PA, OH, FL, and GA as rural states in the middle of nowhere
Accurate if you ignore two little bits of the map
when you solo crime busters but end up with a better score than working with your partner
If only we could get to Nationals by our willingness to seriously compete to the best of our abilities with only 7 people...
Yay Google is down aparently
Hmm not for me...
It might be a problem with the school wifi maybe because everyone else is having the same problem..... we can get to Google Drive and do stuff but other Gogle stuff is broken so I'm using DuckDuckGo
(a perfectly legitimate browser that would never be used for Onion search)
The new Google Doodle is hilarious lmao it's fun inputting the least Bach-esque composers into the two bars and watching it "harmonize"
(Ecosia and DuckDuckGo are amazing by the way)
There is no greater feeling of euphoria when your Mission timer works.
There is no greater feeling of euphoria when you quit Mission.
Wow...you just LOVE mission don't you...
I'm going to Kentucky soon.
Welp, now it broke.
There's officially one day to States... I'm completely fine...
"One day to regionals
LETS DO THIS
GO BUCS"
"b i g r i p we had one kid drop out for states and for some reason our captains thought it was a great idea to switch people for HALF OF THE EVENTS instead of just the four that he was doing so now i got kicked off of widi and put into designer which i know nothing about and now i have three bio events and one inquiry and i do like bio but designer is not something i wanted to do because i liked widi but nooooo i have to do designer now and one of my code partners got switched so now i have the same partner for three events so like rip my events


thanks for coming to my ted talk"
At least you're competing at states :/
I personally like Dogpile, although Google has better results...
Internet Explorer anyone?
Ew. Opera all the way.
Wow...you just LOVE mission don't you...
I'm going to Kentucky soon.
Welp, now it broke.
There's officially one day to States... I'm completely fine...
"One day to regionals
LETS DO THIS
GO BUCS"
"b i g r i p we had one kid drop out for states and for some reason our captains thought it was a great idea to switch people for HALF OF THE EVENTS instead of just the four that he was doing so now i got kicked off of widi and put into designer which i know nothing about and now i have three bio events and one inquiry and i do like bio but designer is not something i wanted to do because i liked widi but nooooo i have to do designer now and one of my code partners got switched so now i have the same partner for three events so like rip my events


thanks for coming to my ted talk"
At least you're competing at states :/
I personally like Dogpile, although Google has better results...
Internet Explorer anyone?
Ew. Opera all the way.
Wow...you just LOVE mission don't you...
I'm going to Kentucky soon.
Welp, now it broke.
There's officially one day to States... I'm completely fine...
"One day to regionals
LETS DO THIS
GO BUCS"
"b i g r i p we had one kid drop out for states and for some reason our captains thought it was a great idea to switch people for HALF OF THE EVENTS instead of just the four that he was doing so now i got kicked off of widi and put into designer which i know nothing about and now i have three bio events and one inquiry and i do like bio but designer is not something i wanted to do because i liked widi but nooooo i have to do designer now and one of my code partners got switched so now i have the same partner for three events so like rip my events


thanks for coming to my ted talk"
At least you're competing at states :/
I personally like Dogpile, although Google has better results...
Internet Explorer anyone?
Ew. Opera all the way.
Wow...you just LOVE mission don't you...
I'm going to Kentucky soon.
Welp, now it broke.
There's officially one day to States... I'm completely fine...
"One day to regionals
LETS DO THIS
GO BUCS"
"b i g r i p we had one kid drop out for states and for some reason our captains thought it was a great idea to switch people for HALF OF THE EVENTS instead of just the four that he was doing so now i got kicked off of widi and put into designer which i know nothing about and now i have three bio events and one inquiry and i do like bio but designer is not something i wanted to do because i liked widi but nooooo i have to do designer now and one of my code partners got switched so now i have the same partner for three events so like rip my events


thanks for coming to my ted talk"
At least you're competing at states :/
I personally like Dogpile, although Google has better results...
Internet Explorer anyone?
Ew. Opera all the way.
that feeling of disappointment when you bite into a blueberry munchkin instead of a glazed one...
Blueberry munchkins/donuts are 100% underrated. I always claim them when I can because nobody else appreciates them.
Firefox.
Safari
No
What about... Edge
What about free software
How about google chrome?
Meh, Firefox is more private/secure I think
Finally, a good browser...
You're entitled to your own opinion, and I respect you as a person
Chromium
I'll just leave this here...
"*applause*
That scene is from Ant-Man, correct?

Also, of the four browsers I've used, here's how I'd rank them:
1. Opera
2. Firefox
3. Internet Explorer
4. Edge"
What
"Kentucky Wiki
Ladies and gentlemen, I give you a state page without a single redlink!"
Half of which you deleted in order to say that...
I actually only deleted one for B, and maybe around six for C, but certainly not half. Plus, the teams I deleted either don't have any results I can find, or have results that aren't recent enough. They may not even compete anymore.
I give you 49 pages that are still listed as needing work.
"But most of those are...event pages!

EDIT: Also, in what way does ""National Results History"" need work? Because that's a page I might actually be able to work on."
"Yes, that's the point. Event pages generally need more help.

And as far as I know, the National Results History page needs some states to be investigated still. It may be a matter of trying to email people at this point, I'm not sure. It's been a while since I looked at it."
there's nothing more discouraging than realizing that you're probably screwed for an event that you are purportedly good at
What about realizing that you did screw up that event, and it cost you making (insert competition/team here)
Wait I'm confused why did Washington B get 2 bids in 2016? Which state got shafted?
Indiana was usually at the top of that bubble, but with West Virgnia forming, Washington growing, and Indiana not growing/declining slightly, Washington got the last bid.
I thought that WV joined in 2015 (not 2016) and killed IN's 2nd bid for both divisions?
In 2015 WV joined, and because Indiana got smaller they lost their Div B bid to Nebraska. At this point New Hampshire didn't have a Div B yet which is why Div B had 12 second bids while Div C had 11. Washington got the second Div B bid in 2016 instead of Nebraska, and New Hampshire started sending Div B teams in 2017 so second bids went down to 11 each, with Missouri, Texas, Florida, and Georgia at the lower end. When Vermont added Div C and DC added both divisions in 2018, Missouri lost both second bids and Texas lost C.
owo Nebraska
STATES IS TOMORROW
GOOD LUCK!!!
SAME AHHHHHHH SO NERVOUS
STATES IS IN...uh...29 DAYS
STATES WAS......uh......17 DAYS AGO
GOOD LUCK
GOOD LUCK TO BOTH OF YOUUUUU!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
WHEN YOU'RE CALLING A HOTEL TO MAKE ARRANGEMENTS FOR STATE AND THEIR HOLD MESSAGE CLAIMS THAT THEY'RE "THE MOST EXCITING HOTEL IN KANSAS." (CLICK TO SHOW HIDDEN TEXT)
I'm live chatting MD awards in IRC!
smh mods hurry up and spice up the wiki for april fools... IM WAITING
I think this algorithm could use more w's. Like why doesn't it say huwwy or apwil.
Or awgowithm
smh lolmain wasn't even updated for this year
Wow evewybody has a wipse
lol, links dont work either. And yeah you can just edit the link but that's a lot of work.
oof
"owo what's this
we have all been transported back to 2012 lol xD rawr"
Lol. Wait till T2D get on the forums.
booo you mods are getting less and less creative every year
Excuse you, the new logo took effowt.
"Last year's watermark was better (has it really been a year already?)

also lol what logo"
"Tbf the watewmark was a unique mix of comtempowawy events and a not-too-intrusive pwank.

And wefwesh without cache."
Hehe, the Ap"r"il Foo"l"'s Day p"r"ank doesn't wo"r"k on me.
"Tailsfan101's Signature wrote:
Assassinator fow game #118"
Yes, but it doesn't wo"r"k on my posts.
Nice job
"ofc not you cheater
CODE: SELECT ALL
Hehe, the Ap[size=1]""[/size]r[size=1]""[/size]il Foo[size=1]""[/size]l[size=1]""[/size]'s Day p[size=1]""[/size]r[size=1]""[/size]ank doesn't wo[size=1]""[/size]r[size=1]""[/size]k on me.[/quote]"
No, my secret has been revealed! Dxu, you traitor!
"Is this for real?
/me leaves scioly.org"
We have a bunch of trolls as our admins lol
Anyone else having trouble understanding these posts?
Just wanted to point out that this beautiful thing has been up since October https://www.soinc.org/test-please-disre ... anksalbert (but the link is wrong for today)
ooh woo.
"-when you wonde.r. if the.r.e is a way to add things (e.g. fi.r.ewo.r.ks/wate.r.ma.r.ks without causing someso.r.t of e.r..r.o.r. o.r. annoyance fo.r. the use.r.s.....

The.r.e must be a way! Fo.r. the good of a.l.l. SciO.l.y, we call the g.r.eat minds we have, unite and p.r.oblem solve! I believe in us!"
"uwu
happy april fools day!"
2019-2020 EVENTS HAVE BEEN REVEALED: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ
this April Fool's update is... something
And I legit believed you for a sec...>.>
"Noteth toeth theeth modethes: Y'alleth shouwldaeth puteth ""eth""eth owneth theeth ewndseth oweth theeth wordserh, twwoeth...

No...
UTF-8 U+6211 U+662F wrote:
Just wanted to point out that this beautiful thing has been up since October https://www.soinc.owg/test-please-disre ... anksalbert (but the wink is wrong fow today)
I noticed that and wondered why it ain't yet been deleted..."
wow - that's a nice list
right because it would be released in a youtube video
"When it's April 2nd yet traces of the April Fool's Day prank remain...
*Cough* Mods failed at the cover-up. *cough*
>_> East"
the sciowy.owg logo is better though lol
Why are you assuming we wanted to eliminate all traces?
That moment when East beats you to posting Maine state results by about half a minute...
Uh so to not confuse newcomers to the forums with all the bad grammer.
*grammar
*please don't turn into a division A website, please don't turn into a division A website*
"https://www.facebook.com/JordonHe/posts ... 9259558569
I thought this was real for a sec...

@admins this is a REAL april fool's joke...not like your site transition thing"
What do you think the was for? Checkmate.
"...

Are you new here? You think we're going to put in that much effort?"
"I don't know who wrote that in the document, but I know for a fact that's not correct.

They flip a coin to decide. SoCal's just really lucky."
Sorry, but how do you know better than the people who wrote that, aka the people that are literally organizing nationals?
uhhh im pretty sure john is just trolling lol
From the looks of it, this has only been a consistent thing since 2014, so not nearly as lucky as I was thinking initially. Still pretty lucky though.
John just trolling isn’t entirely implausible either tho
"Is it too early for ""Events 2020-21""?
DIVISION B: (CLICK TO SHOW HIDDEN TEXT)
DIVISION C: (CLICK TO SHOW HIDDEN TEXT)


(to be fair, the events were pretty easy to predict, just some that I didn't know if they were rotating in or not)"
Yeah it's a little too early late November is the earliest that can reasonably be started, since at that point there will be a non-zero number of teams who have finished their 2020 season.
You mean, there will be 40-50 Montana teams that will have completed their season.
More like 130-140... NJ has ~120 total teams, and Montana is ahead of NJ in terms of number of teams in both divisions...
State is Saturday...
"I can't stop laughing over this video...

Imagine if these were American cops."
Random comment: The German word for "to laugh" is lachen, or lacht in present tense 3rd person, or lachte in simple past tense 3rd person. Gotta love Wiktionary.
I feel like people do better at invitationals when it’s at their own region.
"At states right now!!! And stressed as heck!
Totally gonna fail but I don’t care"
Update: Mystery Architecture is not my thing
"yall.......

I decorated my dorm wall with carps lol"
"Y’all I’m so happy!!!
I got 6th at states on dynamic planet!!!!"
"Congrats!
Also do you know final results?"
"Good job!
Is there any word on Tennessee results?"
Cedar Springs got first and that is all I know uwu
I think Hume Fogg won C. I wasn't paying attention by that point. Cedar Springs was 4th or 5th, Farragut was 2nd, and White Station got one of those 6... I got 6th in Thermodynamics and Geologic Mapping, and 5th in Mousetrap Vehicle. If Ida not compensated so far to the right, Ida probably had 3rd or so... I failed to medal in ExPed, DyP, Boomilever, Circuits, or Wright Stuff... I broke the tail off of the plane whilsttrying to straighten it out, so I superglued it back on and set a record flight time for that plane by 14 seconds, and I coulda done better...
I watch PBS eons instead of writing an English essay, but I use the point that "its for fossils" as a "valid" excuse to make myself feel better.
"I always feel sad about how late I am to the Pokemon party. I got into HGSS and ORAS last summer, and I feel very compelled to make fan content, but I'll be 9 and 5 years late, respectively.

USUM doesn't really appeal to me. Galar right now doesn't look too promising either; I'm not the biggest UK fan."
"Error: N.Ireland not found;
Did you mean Brexit fan"
There's absolutely nothing wrong with that!
"What do you mean?!?!?!?! Sobble and Scorbunny are absolutely THE BEST names ever!!!
not"
Sobbing more like
hold up. did you see me? I know that is a weird question but I'm curious...
"Idunno... What do you look like, and what events were you in? I was one of three 6 foot high school guys in blue Explorers Homeschool shirts.

Edit: Nevermind the events, you're in B."
"True! I'm just sad because there's less fans of them right now. Or at least, less fans who are willing to talk shipping and world-building with me but oh well. That's what I get for shipping rarepairs and looking to a fairly lore-less franchise for lore.
dxu46 wrote:
primitive_polonium wrote:
Galar right now doesn't look too promising either; I'm not the biggest UK fan.
What do you mean?!?!?!?! Sobble and Scorbunny are absolutely THE BEST names ever!!!
not
Yeah, their designs just didn't click with me. Some starters, I did have to get used to, but a lot of them--Rowlett, Popplio, Chikorita, Mudkip, Snivy, and some others--were love at first sight.

I am living for Sinnoh remakes though."
"Seeing how state prediction tournaments are fun...
ILLINOIS STATE COMPETITION PREDICTION TOURNAMENT!!!
Div C
Div B
Predict away! I will say that this year will be the most interesting state competition in a decade so don't miss your chance to predict its outcome!
Rules
1. Place the teams you feel are most likely to win. Polls close 11:59 PM 4/12 CT time.
2. Place tiebreakers in the event you well... Tie. Otherwise the person you tie with wins by default.
3. Place your username in the form or else your predictions will not count.
4 Have fun! Maybe the best predictor win!
Read pages 10 and 13 of the IL forums if you want an idea of who to guess for."
does anyone else look at the kind of kids in their class and just internally scream
Would anyone be interested if I did an Idaho prediction contest? I know we're a pretty small state, but if you're like me, you'd enter just because you have a chance of winning with no cost. Of course, ID C only has 5 teams competing this year, but hey, there are tiebreakers
YES. Natural selection isn't as effective nowadays...
Found the eugenicist
lol, but SAME LMN. A guy in my class created a program to watch fortnite and black ops livestreams in google docs during class on our school chromebooks. Talk about a waste of talent.
A meme a day keeps the dreams away!
"LOL. It's a running joke with my friends. I blame our country's hospital system. I mean look at the tide pod challange. A lotta natural selection woulda have occured if it weren't for our hospitals.
SHASO2018 wrote:
UTF-8 U+6211 U+662F wrote:
TheChiScientist wrote:
YES. Natural selection isn't as effective nowadays...
Found the eugenicist
lol, but SAME LMN. A guy in my class created a program to watch fortnite and black ops livestreams in google docs during class on our school chromebooks. Talk about a waste of talent.
Honestly I think we need to reform our education system to weed out and throw out the people who just don't want to learn. They are wasting taxpayers money and they shouldn't be forced to learn if they are just gonna not continue an education... But that's just me. Oh just got an idea for some polls!"
"LOL. It's a running joke with my friends. I blame our country's hospital system. I mean look at the tide pod challange. A lotta natural selection woulda have occured if it weren't for our hospitals.
It's not natural selection, it's just common sense"
I believe that's why there are entrance exams to private schools and other exams for magnet schools. Those schools don't want to waste their time. However, public education is supposed to be for everyone. So, let's say a kid is just bad at a subject, let's say science. But they're really good at art. They get thrown out of school, and don't get enough education and opportunities for art. What a talent wasted. Really, that weeding out system would be a double edged sword that would result in a lot of court cases for the U.S.
Or alternatively make sure the public school system is actually worth going through




























































Happy Easter to the folks in the EST zone!
"We protecc

We attacc

But most importantly

We sacrifice sleep to checc"
Pika you god
"viewtopic.php?f=22&t=14237

I don’t know where to ask this
What do I choose if I’m 5 ft 2 in?"
Shorter one ig
I ADVANCED TO THE FINAL ROUND OF MY AUDITION!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
NICE YYAYYYYYYY!!!!!!!!!!
Thanks!!! I thought I didn't do so well, but I guess the judges didn't think so!!
audition for what?
"The Nationals self-scheduling window opens the exact minute my high school graduation starts. (8:00pmEST on May 12)

Important edit to avoid spreading misinformation: I just got an email saying they changed sign-ups to start on Monday, May 13 (9:00pm EST) due to Mother's Day."
Skip graduation for self-scheduling
Who cares about high school graduation? SciOly is always more important.
"By censoring ""oof"" on IRC, East is making people type extra characters to get their point across, which takes time, time that could be used for studying. Therefore, East is promoting not studying

#downwiththemods"
You're not studying by being on IRC.
"Grow a foot and your problem'll solve itself...

Although, statistically, you'll wanna use the higher one. These types of answers are usually due to computer rounding, where they're actually 5' - 5' 1.99"" and 5' 2"" - 5' 3.99"", inclusive."
Also, beware of saying "down with the mods." It might not end well.
Especially if the website goes down with 'em...
"It continues to surprise me when people decide to open self-scheduling on a weekend. I don't understand why the don't pick, Tuesday or Wednesday evening or something like that, since nothing ever happens at those times.

(MIT's original self-scheduling opening time in 2018 was during a tournament near one of their attending teams)"
PARCC testing is a thing
My APUSH teacher said that on the Monday after the AP exam, we're playing Cards Against Humanity and What the Meme in class O.o
"Anomaly wrote:
Cards Against Humanity
Anomaly wrote:
What the Meme
oh no
Anomaly, myself, as a member of SciOly, grant you my finest condolences and well-wishes for the terror you will enter."
LOL. Sounds almost as fun as our APUSH teacher. I'll one-up you and proudly state that after May 9th our AP Chem class is gonna have a FIFA tournament. (Time to study for both...)

That's an interesting reason to change signups. I guess it's a better time so yay.
"2 days until avengers endgame
at least 160 days until the next Trials of Apollo book comes out
maybe 160 days until the next walking dead episode (season 10)
I cannot wait this long"
We *might* have several people arranged to sorta-coach next year!
It's a strange sensation when you have multiple helicopters, mass police presence, and the FBI in the area for the past week and now they have all slowly disappeared. It's eerily quiet.
Was the noise because of the hunt for that missing child (who was found dead)?
Yup. The Feds have had this place swarming trying to find the kid and today they found him dead in a field... Just when we thought our little city wouldn't end up on national news for something like this...
Yeah I just heard about it on Nightly News... our hearts go out to the community
Yup. Once we saw that they didn't find the kid within the first 24 hours we kinda knew what happened.
That explains the reference in TPBM...
Legitimate question: At what point is a salad saturated with croutons?
Never
I second that.
WAIT THE WHAT HAPPENED
Either tune into national news or look up my city on google and look at the news feed.
sTaTeS iS iN tWo DaYs FoR mE (but hey I don't have to go to school tomorrow)
States is in two days and the tests im taking have the strike backwards and its making me anxious.
SCREECHING
"that moment when you realize you left your homework folder at school
(and in a spanish classroom nonetheless)"
Catch me if you can! Might be tricky to tho
When there are 0 croutons.
Croutons will literally break your teeth
"*Things2do assumes that high, motherly babytalk voice.*
Not if you're a good little boy{/girl} and drink all'ums miwk."
What I would do is moisten the croutons with dressing or with my saliva before I sink my teeth into the heavenly bits of salad bread.
I broke 2 violin strings in the span of 24 hours...
That sounds insanely creepy.
...How is that even possible...?
Use a wire cutter
Lol, true true
Yep.
Wow...I'm so tired and it's only 8:30...
Very tired here too, opening festivities can do that. Good luck tomorrow Dxu!
"Yeah, i'm going to win all my events!!!
i'm an alternate tho
Good luck to you too!"
Just did horribly on my physics final and I don't know how I'm going to recover at all from the grade ahdjfk
AHHHGHHHHHH. WHAT THE HECK. It's snowing outside my window right now and Prom starts in 3 hours! THIS SHOULD NOT BE HAPPENING IN LATE APRIL!!! I blame climate change. #ClimateChangeConfirmed
Now now, anecdotal evidence isn't research, silly
I'm so glad our intelligent, well-informed, ethical congressmen are aware of that.
I can’t believe my last state tournament ever will be over in four hours
"I can't believe my state tournament will be over in about 2 hours... :/
I'm at the award ceremony right now lol."
"MO state awards ceremony is horribly long - why does it take over 5 hours to grade Density lab.

and pop quizzes should be banned..."
Our awards ceremony had 30 minutes of HDMI errors as the speakers were attempting to announce the medalists...
"I accidentally popped bubble wrap during the sounds test on Saturday lol... if only our instrument played that loudly

(jkjk, I can't really complain lol...)
Anyways... sorry to those that took the test during that time slot :/"

Does it count as visiting a state if you drive through it on a road trip? What about layover airports?
While driving, it only counts if you get out of the car and visit someplace significant to you or the state. Layovers don't count. This is my opinion of course.
"""Visiting"" implies spending time doing something valuable, so only if you stop and do an activity other than driving through. Pit stops and hotel stays don't count - they are part of the process of travel.
CookiePie1 wrote:
What about layover airports?
Nope, not even for long stops. How I think about it is, airports (especially the post-security sections) are part of their own airport-bubble-universe, where each node has a loose connection (like the interface between two film bubbles) to their state. You can be in the Denver airport for 2 hours, but you're not really visiting Colorado: you're visiting an airport connected to Colorado. Make sense?

(Yes, I did get the idea from Doctor Who.)"
This image of dark matter was detected using a variety of advanced methods.
"Then if you were to say take a train trip through several states and in each state get out and spend a half hour looking around, would that be visiting?

If you were to look at signage about a specific plant species native to that state at a rest area or a hotel, would that qualify it as a visit?"
I don't think just "looking around" counts as an activity. Maybe an activity has to be a planned stop for it to count?
"So Avengers Endgame has been in theaters for almost a week.
Thoughts on the movie? (if you have seen it)
No spoilers (though I have seen it, and only cried twice)"
11/10, best Marvel movie I've watched. Now all I want is a Doctor Strange 2, Iron Man 5, and many-world theory to be implemented (time for some alternate dimension, time traveling, reality warping fun!).
We've received enough interest in shirts, so an order form has been posted at scioly.org/shirts, where designs, shirt options, and shipping information also may be found. The form will close on Wednesday, May 8, 2019.
In that case, I've only been to TN, GA, AL, NC, SC, UT, and CO...
So our gym has the Fitness Rooms (chin up bar, treadmills, rowers, jump ropes, ect.) and usually I just fool around with the hula hoops. I couldn't hula-hoop (but I try), but I can do the thing where you throw it up in the air and it lands and rolls back toward you. BUT today I tried to hula-hoop and I found out I could... just DO it somehow
i love you 3000
what
Ugghhh, I know this. Where's it from. Oh, I think it's from endgame.
I like Mystery Science Theater 3000, too.
"U know Unome?

No u."
"I got endgame spoiled for me before I even watched it
I still went out of there crying."
"Stop! I'm gonna cry...
HE HAD A PICTURE OF HIM IN HIS HOUSE LIKE I CRIED SO HARD WHEN I SAW THAT
the hug hit me in the feels too"
"same omg
cause you don't know when or why it happens"
There's already a thread for Endgame spoilers. I understand it's been a joke thread so far, but please avoid posting spoilers in this thread for at least another week.
"So the fire station used a house near my neighborhood for firefighting practice because it's boarded up and the auto place owns the land
- It was raining
- I got super wet
- Twirling umbrellas is fun
- I counted 43 worms (28 at the site and 15 on the way home)
- I found the wing of a poor butterfly on the ground I can get a picture if you guys want to ID it maybe because I have no idea what it is
- Did I mention they set a house on fire"
lol counting worms
Sounds like arson with an excuse
"Chicken and egg question: which came first, someone setting the house on fire “on purpose” and someone calling a “practice drill”.
I’ll let y’all decide."
"You're the expert on fire, since ""thermo"".

You tell us Joey"
"Ramadan Mubarak to any person celebrates! :)
its gonna be a looooooooong 30 days oml"
"smh you don't know how to use events as humor properly...one could say you're not doing too...

...hot"
You're absolutely right, I suck at both event jokes and thermo in general.
why? do you observe it?
Yep, thirty days of fast...
I've just discovered that in 2014 at Georgia States they had to cancel Entomology because the ES was discovered to be in Australia the morning of the competition and it's definitely my new favorite thing that's happened in scioly ever
Do you seriously not eat anything?
"no food no water from dawn to dusk (yikes i have gym this semester so like dehydration here i come)
i think the harder part will be the ""no cussing or doing bad things"" part heh"
"I hope your gym teachers are understanding about these kinds of things.

On the other hand, at my school, even if you have an excused absence, you have to stay after school to do ""makeup gym"", or else you get a zero for the day."
usually so do we rip, but we can be excused for units and just write medical reports, cause its not like i can stay after school to do gym i'd still be fasting
There's a guy from Egypt that I know that had to get permission to drink water during the day because he was a summer camp staffer... Say, do y'all celebrate Easter?
My school finally got around to blocking irc
Idk if anyone on here has posted this yet, but the national membership numbers were posted this past weekend and MSO posted one with individual division numbers.
I posted about the map, but I didn't know about this one. (Also maybe you'd be better off posting this in the nationals thread or something.)
:0 MO B missed out on the 2nd bid by 1 team...rip Wydown
"Ikr...
(Psst, dxu, you should convince Ladue to not go )"
SciOly is under attack by the Russians! So many Russian bots in the past few days... Maybe SciOly needs more mods or special mods that can block posts until another mod comes in a approves the removal? So many bots... I think it's time to make a new meme.
Unless any mods are going to be on 24/7, adding extra mods isn't going to make a significant difference.
Who's ready for physics?
"Individual number

- I was quite surprised to see GA C over OH C. Turns out we're also pretty close to topping PA B.
- North Carolina is the only state in the 300s range. CA B/C and NY C are over 400, everyone else is under 300.
- Maryland seems to be plateauing. Likewise with Virginia. Florida however does not appear to be slowing down much.
- North Dakota remains as strong as ever, with 141 combined - topping states with many times its population like Maryland and Kentucky."
Could it be possible to make a bot that can patrol all posts and remove any that seem to promote products? I know Reddit uses bots to filter out unwanted content efficiently.
These are some good ideas. We can try to require a minimum post count before links or foreign characters (e.g. б, в, г, д, ж) are allowed.
What if you make it so mods or admins have to approve any posts with foreign characters? They're not really used that much in the first place, and it would prevent foreign spam.
AP?
I do know that Maryland is actively seeking to add a regional within the next year or two, so hopefully that will lend itself to a spurt of growth.
"Perhaps a measure of days for that as well, so that a bot can't make a bunch of spam posts to bump up their count... And maybe require English until the minimums are reached, instead of programming a bunch of foreign characters.

Edit: I was bored, so I did a little research... Idunno if this would work, or even if I have the correct software, but I like looking things up for the sake of looking 'em up, so... https://www.phpbb.com/customise/db/exte ... or_urls_2/
https://www.phpbb.com/customise/db/extension/akismet/"
"Ok, so we kinda just finished Romeo and Juliet in English today and... whatever happened to Benvolio...!!!!!!!!!!!??????????
Also, (don't uncover the spoiler if you haven't read it yet because it actually is kinda a spoiler lol) ROMEO KISSED JULIET (in her tomb) AND EVEN SAID THAT HER FACE WAS FLUSHED PINK BUT DIDN'T REALIZE THAT SHE WAS STILL ALIVE... HOWWWWWWW!!!!!!!!!!!???????????"
"Umm I lowkey hate Shakespeare....
But yes it was quite odd and I guess the cheesiness of it is just Shakespeare indeed.
Also, did you guys see the movie in class? If so, which one?"
"The 1968 one is pretty good imo
...but the original play is better.
Actually, this is better"
We watched clips of the 1996 one.
gahhhh we're in act 4 right now, and I miss being Benvolio
^ this is how Shakespeare works. How do people think he got popular?
I think the story was that people liked him because the queen liked him. Half the ideas for his work are stolen from other people and other stories before him.
That's just how writing works though; his skill lies in the way he presents his stories, his mastery of the language, etc., not to mention his sonnets!
And the fact that half of his plays are vulgar jokes that would never be allowed in a High School setting if it were not written in indecipherable Elizibethian English.
O, then I see Queen Mab hath been with you
I feel light headed after taking a double whammy of AP tests... That's normal right? ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
"In 7th grade I felt lightheaded after a fail of an experiment at nats
(the fact that it was 7 AM in the morning probably also didn't help;)"
Perfectly normal... took AP Lit and AP Euro yesterday and my head hurts... that's over 6 hours of testing. I'm so glad homeschool allows me to nap the day after a test...
you can do that at most schools
"when people complain about schools not closing because of snow, but because your drainage systems are crud and if floods every big storm, your school is closed because of rain

Feels good"
Lowkey pretty sad.
When you realize that in exactly 7 days from this moment in time you'll be graduating HS and be prepping for college.
On a scale of 1-100, how would you rate your high school experience?
non-existent.
Well what side of the spectrum is good and bad? Also that value unquantifiable.
So I got my phone taken away forever today, which means i can't talk to anyone and i can't come on irc anymore rip lol
Lol. That moment when you finally get a Snapchat after all these years... (Working on figuring this out )
"instagram>snapchat
fight me"
No way, snapchat is wayyy better than insta
"Reddit>instagram

Hehe. Destruction 100."
nonono instagram is superior
"Bruh MySpace is so much better

Hm the only thing ive actually used is line, and that doesnt count anymore since my computer got taken"
"**cough** WeChat is better than Line
(I've actually never used Line before, so ig I can't really say lol)"
"I will rain the full fury of reddit down on you!
We won the war against instagram.
We're winning the war against Buzzfeed.
We ain't starting a war with 4chan. (That's a suicide mission...)"
Square up m8
Preparing the tactical Reddit nuke...
WHY
Hehe. You started a war you can't win waffletree. The people have spoken and they chose Reddit.
What the pigeon are y'all talking about?
"When did the people ever choose reddit? As far as I know you’re the only person who is advocating for reddit...

I’m standing by waffles, instagram is better than reddit and snap chat (I don’t get what streaks are smh)."
My secret soldiers lay in wait for this war to begin. Every great nation needs a face to represent the cause. (Ngl I'm super tempted to post the poll in Reddit and watch redditors vote in swarms just for that poll)
"That'd be a pretty biased poll. Your words hold no sway in this domain
waffletree wrote:
Join the fight my sister-in-arms!"
If anyone has any of the missing state tournament scoresheets please try to upload them.
I would just like to say, Reddit memes are leagues ahead of Instagram memes, and in addition the very anonymity of Reddit helps avoid the useless vanity associated with Instagram. Reddit is the superior social media platform.
To arms my Reddit brothers and sisters! (Also very true.)
"yass instagramftw
do u even have insta
whythelongface wrote:
I would just like to say, Reddit memes are leagues ahead of Instagram memes, and in addition the very anonymity of Reddit helps avoid the useless vanity associated with Instagram. Reddit is the superior social media platform.
who said that insta is just for memes (ahem like reddit)
insta can do more than reddit can"
*Anything You Can Do plays aggressively in background*
Reddit is more than just memes... it's an echo chamber!
Notice: I didn't say Instagram is just for memes. I also said it was for boosting vanity.
"Truth. I'd safely say that Reddit is one of the least toxic social media platforms out there. But the memes are also straight fire.
(*Inserts Grim Reaper meme for upvotes* )"
Reddit can be extremely toxic sometimes (case in point: the Boston Marathon thing, r/The_Donald, etc.). People who like Reddit like it because it's much less filtered than other social media and there's content for everyone. Plus all the memes originate there.
Well that kinda of stuff stays in it's respective corners of reddit. You'll really only see it if you look for it. (Unilke instagram or other platforms...) It tends to stay outta the mainstream reddit which is less toxic as a whole.
"Ahhhhh when you have to cut off 2 pages of your speech and you're giving it the next day...
(I was technically suppose to give it today but I thought it was tomorrow so uh whoops)"
Did you have to memorize it?
"Nope, not really.
And before you ask, it's basically an oratory speech. Well, half of one... it's only 5 minutes long and we're allow to have notecards.
EDIT: Aight, so 1/2 page left to cut, except I *really* don't know what I can cut out anymore lol
EDIT 2: Should I do my Spanish homework or finish working on English...?"
I disagree. Mainstream reddit also has a lot of toxic upvoted comments, just the opposite opinions.
The only good parts of reddit are the small hyper-focused communities. Everything else is trash.
exactly! so instagram is better!
I don't have either so I have no say
I like instagram only cuz I use it more often. However, I do feel like the content is well organized, as Unome said. To me, reddit can also be more productive/helpful bc of that. The good thing about instagram is that it's more socially oriented, which makes it easier to connect with friends, rather than reddit. Instagram also tends to be more artsy, which I sort of appreciate.
The key difference is that the people on reddit either don't have friends or pretend they don't have friends
Today was my last day of normal HS... (I feel both depressed and happy :/) I got friends going to Scotland, John Hopkins, Iowa State, UChicago, UMich, ASU, Emroy, Purdue, etc, etc! Man am I gonna miss them.
ay congrats!!u survived
Good Job! I wish both you and your friends well!
Thank you both. I will always have SciOly.
Congrats chi!
"yeet, Greenhouse Bio is fun
we learn through DOING"
It’s the ending of the Inheritance cycle again.
I'm a day late, but congrats! Have fun with post-high school life
"I disagree with this only because there are some larger subreddits that, by and large, are pretty great. Most of the sports-related subreddits I'm subscribed to (which is the majority of my redditing anyway) are pretty large, but are generally kept in check. But when you go to places with charged topics like religion, politics, and fandoms, it can get out of hand pretty quickly.

As for the debate, it's hard to compare to Instagram because they serve very different purposes. Reddit is tough to define as ""social media"" because most of the interaction is anonymous; it's more in line with a discussion board such as this.
TheChiScientist wrote:
Today was my last day of normal HS... (I feel both depressed and happy :/) I got friends going to Scotland, John Hopkins, Iowa State, UChicago, UMich, ASU, Emroy, Purdue, etc, etc! Man am I gonna miss them.
Tell your friend(s) going to Johns Hopkins to help with Maryland SO (or join the Hopkins quidditch team), maybe I'll run into them."
I'm sitting in a practice room right now and the person in the room next to me is practicing/running through Ravel's Bolero, and it's about the most boring thing ever...
"The fact that you're in a practice room, and you're just sitting there listening to someone else practice speaks volumes.

You can't be bored if you're also practicing!"
I didn't want to practice...my hands were too dry + I needed to study for finals.
LOL. Nah he prob gonna have his hands full doing a double major in Aerospace and Biochemical engineering. But I'll let him know that he could do either.
Don't worry, it's not boring when it's actually played!
"said no one ever...
but the snare drum"
Looking through last year's Superlatives, I find it interesting to note that I was nominated for 7 of 'em, having been on here for less than 4 months...
Just checked that out and wow dates are a thing?
Just got my SciOly.org shirt!
What, the fruit? Or the thing that you can't get?
Yay! I just graduated! Omg it was so sad yet exciting! (If u wanna see pics Pm me and I’ll give u my snap ) Also Dxu heads up I’m headed to St Louis for the next 2 days.
Congrats!!!!
"Congrats!!!
And psst come visit clayton"
Come and take my finals for me!!!!!
Congrats! i still have 20 days until graduation rip

"yoyoyo

real quick I wanna congratulate Unome on almost having 4000 posts!

4000!

Good job man."
Isn’t Clayton next to the St Louis Zoo?
Pretty much... and it's right next to Ladue too


















































Aye
Yee
Oy
yep yep
Nay.
absolutely. grammar nazis are pointless.
edited so your post was pointless
"these posts are the reasons we need upvotes lmaoo
*glares at bernard*"
Three downboats for the difficulty of implementing that on the forums.
Submarines? That would be hard to code. ; )
Uber announcing scUber this month had me thinking it was April again.
"When you want to go to cryptograms.org so you type the letters ""cr"" in the search bar... but it autocompletes to ""cryptobranchidae distribution map""

EDIT: Also, ""sc"" autocompletes to ""scaphiopodidae world distribution map"" instead of ""scioly.org""... what is my life"
Well...
No bans for correcting grammar, but posts that have the sole purpose of correcting grammar (outside of the Prescriptivists thread) may be deleted.
"You're a good man.
Thank you."

That's not retroactive, correct?
Nope, mainly because that would be a lot of work.
"I'm so afraid Sanderson's gonna die before we get Dragonsteel.
(It’ll new wheel of time all over again and then we’ll have a new Sanderson pick up the series and it’ll just perpetuate)"
Even if we get Stormlight 6 as late as 2030, that would put Dragonsteel in the late 2040s and Mistborn Era 4 in the early 2050s. He'd be about 70 at that point.
I'm about 2 blocks from the Jefferson National Westward Expansion Memorial.
Isn't that in STL?
No, it's in Saint Louis...
sO WE'RE HAVING AN ACTUAL STORM/TORNADO WARNING AND A TORNADO ACTUALLY TOUCHED DOWN SOMEWHERE AND WE'RE DOING THE DRILL AND THE ELECTRICITY AND WIFI ARE HAVING ISSUES AND EVERYONE'S HAVING ISSUES IN GENERAL
"1. Why are you posting on Scioly.org as there's a tornado? But, hey, priorities.
2. Stay safe! We were under a tornado warning a couple days ago and there was a tornado like 30 miles away"
Lol, STL= Saint Louis...
lol
"1. I think it's fine now and we were waiting to be dismissed and get our stuff
2. Yeet"
tfw Purdue is in the most tornado-prone county of Indiana XD
Hahaha, so relatable...
That kind of describes Georgia too.
heh. Maybe I shouldn't plan on Purdue, lol. jk. Purdue will still probably be my number 1
Oh yeah they usually don't tell you the fact about how tornado-prone Tippecanoe County is until your final freshman orientation, after you've arrived and moved in XD
"Start of Public SciOly Announcement:

The Ice Cream Social has been moved to Appel, and has very loud music.

End of Public SciOly Announcement.

OPINIONS EXPRESSED ON THIS SITE ARE NOT OFFICIAL; THE ONLY PLACE FOR OFFICIAL RULES CHANGES AND FAQS IS SOINC.ORG."
So. I'm about to take my Biology final. I'm scared. Send help.
I like the new bookmark logo, whatever it's called. Thanks for putting that in!
the favicon?
Have an Emotional Support Potato then
Ok, so I got an A. That's good. Crisis averted.
That's great!
The opening ceremony will be starting in about 15 minutes! Join IRC to watch with fellow sciolyers. Stream link: https://youtu.be/wLHsKDqdNR4
I finally made a userpage! (But I do feel like I rambled a bit)
Good luck to everyone competing at Nats today!
^^ Hope you all do amazing!
Also, sympathies for people taking the SAT or SAT subject tests
I'm handing out Emotional Support Potatoes if anyone needs one
I screwed up. Both buggy runs hit the outside can. I don't know how. A year of work gone to waste.
bvtfyibyugnihgmuh have an Emotional Support Potato
Installed CopyQ on my computer... looks like it might be helpful but only time will tell
thank you!! haha bio went pretty well for me because it was very ecologically focused (however there were 2 questions about topics i only knew from doing eco last year and i was surprised they would put such specific stuff)
Getting pied in the face for money (using whipped cream) is a surprisingly effective method of fundraising
Anyone have the link to the awards live stream? I can't find it lol
https://youtu.be/xm-90mNa09A
thanks
"If anyone else was looking for the oboe music from Nats: https://youtu.be/ZJhlhoJNioo?t=598

(credits to UTF for the key signature)"
"No one was looking for it, you're good.
(also what is this? Person posting??)"
Thank you. Very important information.
"I save my posts for information of the utmost importance
CPScienceDude wrote:

Thank you. Very important information.
Agreed."
This post was very helpful; Person should be promoted on the spot.

Now that nats is over, any idea of when SSS will be coming out?
"It always comes out after nats;)

viewtopic.php?f=4&t=14608&p=392884#p392884

...unfortunately need a week or two now to collect our mods >.<."
(audible excitement)
Dang, Division E events sound totally wack:
The elusive Division Five
"My grandmother's 12-year-old dog died at 7:00 this morning
DETAILS ASSUMED (CLICK TO SHOW HIDDEN TEXT)

On another note, ain't it about time for the Superlatives?"
I've been going downhill cognitively since state tourny
Eid Mubarak to anyone that celebrates
We turn in our school chromebooks today. rip.
I've been in meetings for the last two days, and just now woke up after 12 hours of sleep. I'll get to it soon, maybe not today but probably by Friday.
This is exactly what I would expect in a post from Person.
My post count is making a trip through the last century.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1958
Just make sure you don't get stuck at 1969!
At least he's successfully traveled past 1955
Man, letting loose and running through your whole concerto and not worrying about fixing messups is so relaxing after a long two hours of mind-numbing excerpt work...
*is here thinking about how I’m going to plan learning a Paganini caprice by the end of the year*
"listen if you all ain't here thinking about your impossible dreams and cryin' about how you're never gonna achieve 'em.

ysaye i cri evrytim"
How about all of them? Not that I could do it, (cuz Paganini is insane) but someone has to be good enough.
"Check out Paganini Caprice no. 5 - I'm guessing you're thinking about the famous one (24) but that's not the hardest lol
The only ones I've heard are 5, 21, and 24 though (21 is Ray Chen's encore piece )
foreverphysics wrote:
listen if you all ain't here thinking about your impossible dreams and cryin' about how you're never gonna achieve 'em.

ysaye i cri evrytim
Ysaye? More like Yee-i'm-never-learning-this-bye"
Try No. 13; it's the first caprice I learned.
"bernard wrote:
pikachu4919 wrote:
dxu46 wrote:
Man, letting loose and running through your whole concerto and not worrying about fixing messups is so relaxing after a long two hours of mind-numbing excerpt work...
*is here thinking about how I’m going to plan learning a Paganini caprice by the end of the year*
Try No. 13; it's the first caprice I learned.
Oh I already picked #20 heh"
When the only thing you know about Paganini caprices is TwoSet Violin...
OH MY GOD ME. I play the cello, and right now I'm playing allegro appassionato and it's a m a z i n g.
Sheet music: https://violinsheetmusic.org/files/down ... ice-20.pdf
https://imslp.org/wiki/24_Caprices_for_ ... col%C3%B2)
"I gave up on violin some time ago to focus more on piano, and I haven't really been very successful at that, and now I feel equally inept at both instruments.

The worst part is being financially independent = having no money to hire a tutor = having to guide yourself through practice = nigh impossible to improve.

My dream is to be able to play Rachmaninoff's Piano Concerto no.2 someday -- but I'm very, very far from achieving that and I wonder if I ever will."
https://pianoin21days.com/ ?
Surprisingly, recordings of my practice made in the bathroom sound a LOT better than ones made in my room (the room ones sound really scratchy idk why)
Cause bathrooms have great acoustics
lol my band director talks about playing in the bathroom all the time. Bathrooms tend to be super echoey, so everything sounds sorta muddled. When you hear yourself, everything tends to get mushed together, so you sound a lot nicer bc you rly can't hear anything lol.
"I just switched my division to grad.

Semi-related update: I just sent a wrap-up email to the team and parents from my personal email account instead of the team email account. The last of the many screw-ups that I've made during my captaincy."

What should I put as my division if I'm not in div b or c and not graduated?
lol I'm in the same boat, but I'd just put c
"314 replied to the pie race thing (viewtopic.php?f=21&t=124)
pi...314...yay
i want pie"
"I downloaded Fortnite.

I'm so sorry; I can explain:
So I've been building a new PC lately, and I was shopping for some graphics cards when a really nice one for a cheap price appeared. I bought it, and later on, when checking the specs, I found that it came with Fortnite. I've been plagued."
Graphics cards can come with Fortnite?
*Nods solemnly*
Does anyone know how to make big amounts of slides more efficiently? I've set up Google Slides to auto-advance every half second so I can make an animation (if you can call it that) for LA about Kuala Lumpur, and I hate having to copy/paste the slides over and over and over.....
why not make an animated png/gif and put it on the slide?
I can't actually animate oof
"thinking back to a time when i would read all of the posts in the study/lab event forums, as well as all the stuff in general chat and posting games
was that only a year ago?"
"Here's a function for creating duplicates of one slide quickly.
CODE: SELECT ALL
function myFunction() {
  
  for (i = 0; i<=100; i++) {
  
  var currentPage = SlidesApp.getActivePresentation().getSelection().getCurrentPage();
  
  var srcSlideId = ""1abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz"";

  var src = SlidesApp.openById(srcSlideId).getSlides()[0];
  SlidesApp.getActivePresentation().insertSlide(0, src);
  }
}
1. Open your presentation.
2. Tools → Script Editor
3. Paste in the code above (over everything that's already there).
4. Change the srcSlideId to your presentation's ID. (You can find this in the URL of your presentation. It's really long and is after the /d/ and before /edit in the URL.
5. In the third line (starting with for), change the number after i <= to be the number of slides you want to duplicate. Right now, it is set to duplicate 100 slides.
6. It should be good to go. Save your function (you will probably need to give it a name first) by clicking the Save button in the top left corner. Don't close this tab though.
7. This function will duplicate the first slide of your presentation, so make it how you want and then click the Play button in the top left corner of the script page.

Let me know if you need help."
thinking back to a time when i was subscribed to every single state, invitational, and national forum and read all of the posts- oh wait
"Why not this much simpler snippet:
CODE: SELECT ALL
function duplicateSlide() {
  var slide = SlidesApp.getActivePresentation().getSelection().getCurrentPage().asSlide();
  for (i = 0; i <= 100; i++) {
    slide.duplicate();
  }
}

//Add this part if you want the function to appear in your menu
function onOpen() {
  SlidesApp.getUi().createMenu('Utilities')
    .addItem('Duplicate slide 100 times', 'duplicateSlide')
    .addToUi();
}
(By the way, generalizing to add different amounts of slides is fairly trivial)
CODE: SELECT ALL
function duplicateSlide(n) {
  var slide = SlidesApp.getActivePresentation().getSelection().getCurrentPage().asSlide();
  for (i = 0; i <= n; i++) {
    slide.duplicate();
  }
}

function duplicateSlide1() {duplicateSlide(1);}
function duplicateSlide10() {duplicateSlide(10);}
function duplicateSlide50() {duplicateSlide(50);}
function duplicateSlide100() {duplicateSlide(100);}

function onOpen() {
  SlidesApp.getUi().createMenu('Utilities')
    .addItem('Duplicate slide once', 'duplicateSlide1')
    .addItem('Duplicate slide 10 times', 'duplicateSlide10')
    .addItem('Duplicate slide 50 times', 'duplicateSlide50')
    .addItem('Duplicate slide 100 times', 'duplicateSlide100')
    .addToUi();
}
You're better off creating an animated picture though"
Your code is definitely more efficient. I just skimmed through the Google Apps Script documentation and used the first things I could find to make a working function quickly.
Edited the original post because I felt perfectionist
"YAYAYYAYAYAY I FINALLY FOUND MY TENNIS RACKET!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

(I hid it in my closet so my siblings wouldn't take it and I kinda forgot where I put it... )"
"LOL
congrats"
Still can’t find my good racquet...
"Thansksss
MadCow2357 wrote:
Still can’t find my good racquet...
Rip :/"
How are y'all losing tennis racquets? With the size and personal value of a good racquet surely that's akin to losing your own instrument, right?
I'm doing an AMA on Thursday of this week for Boomilever! It will be from 2-4pm CT PM me if you want the invite to the boomilever AMA. I will then add you to slack and then our Hangouts for the video call. Act fast as time is limited! Also include in the PM if you want to add your partner or future partner! The more the merrier!
Why is Shostakovich so pretty
"Because of all the emotions that go into it - I swear, that boi needs a hug

On that topic shameless plug but my friends and I made a quartet and we played the Shostakovich String Quartet No. 8 and you can listen to it here

(Video recordings never do live performances justice but ...it is what it is)"
Your sound is so rich
The whole group or just me?
Lol everyone but especially you
press X to doubt
The 15th string quartet is one of my favorite string quartets...
Can't enjoy Shost string quartets if you don't enjoy chamber music in the first place!
"It's so intimate and haunting; it was one of his last works before he died

Edit: Try the Emerson String Quartet recordings. They've won two Grammys for Shostakovich."
"I'll listen to it, but no guarantee i'll like it.

Also, apparently i'll be learning Sarasate's Ziguenerwisen (rip spelling) to play at a recital next month... hello? Isn't summer supposed to be for relaxation???"
"Ouch

(Zigeunerweisen)"
"My Boomilever AMA is starting shortly. Please join us for some insightful boomilever education.
https://youtu.be/78bsDxnkK4A
(Program starts at 2:20pm CT and ends around 4pm CT depending on the amount of questions)"
I swear my siblings are going to break the house...
Been there done that....
Costco got new carts!
They're kinda ugly, ngl.
Graduation Parties can be depressing ngl.
The tuning at the beginning really gives it a stamp of authenticity
"Searching Google for ""missouri science olympiad"" and clicking on the first result leads to something very unexpected (and hilariously ironic lol)
hereitis"
?? I get moscioly.org
(it redirects)
"nice

another reason to use ecosia"
"It got blocked by HTTPS Everywhere and i was completely cheesed once i saw the url

Y'all should get https everywhere btw"
"It's not available for my favorite browser, Internet Explorer

Internet Explorer will keep me safe though..."
what
Lol whatever happened
"LAST DAY OF SCHOOL
- Science teacher just played the Lorax and had us write on these beaker-shaped sheets of paper tips for next year's students and half the papers were just roasting the teacher (they didn't like him very much)
- PE didn't care we had our phones out
- Computer Science was a big fat nothing burger
- History also let us use our plones and the desktop computers which is why I'm doing this now
- Math is probaly not going to do anything either so I'll play Run 3
I think everyone's just stopped caring at this point"
When you’ve been out for 3 weeks already
Welcome to high school, where our last days of school are just filled with finals and stress.
"When you have a latin final that you get a perfect score on, having finished it in 15 minutes, your last day of school is full of a lot of that bubble shooter game...
it's fun don't judge"
When finals for AP classes are taken care of way before the actual finals week so then you can just chill in those classes during finals itself
We had two (TWO) finals in my AP Physics 1 class after the AP exam....
Can't confirm: we did nothing in any of our classes for the last month of school.
lol my last week of school is just a physics final which I considered turning in blank because I was gonna get an A anyways.
If you're planning on continuing education after high school, I have really bad news for you.
This violin concerto was written by a fossil
I don't recall writing a violin concerto.
I do
Conus is a still surviving genus of gastropods, what are you talking about?
Genus Conus is on the fossils list, hence the reference.
That's advanced humor right there.
I know that, I'm saying it doesn't make sense since Conus isn't literally an extinct genus... no wait, come back and listen to me about the divergence of genera in Gastropoda!
Extinct isn't the same as dead. An extant genus can still have fossils, which is what I was referencing.
So I took two of the official SAT practice tests and got a superscore of 1520. 790 math and 730 EBRW. So, that's pretty exciting. And now my parents want me to take it as a freshman. . .
You can’t show that you’re that smart as a Freshman...you’ll get pushed into stuff... (actual personal experience)
There's really no need to do it that early. Wait a few years until you learn a bit more about standardized testing, especially through AP courses. I took all three of my SAT II tests after junior year, when I had taken the majority of my AP courses. In addition, I also retook the ACT after junior year and observed a score increase without actually studying. Simply staying in school will increase your standardized test scores, so it might actually be more beneficial to take them later, especially seeing that you'd have no problem with them anyway.
Do y'all think that I could get enough sponsors to build a car to break the World Record for the "Fastest battery-powered remote-controlled (RC) model car," without it costing me a dime? I probably ain't gonna get around to trying, and I'm definately not gonna in the next few years, but I'm sorta curious as to what y'all think...
I hate when people walk up to you in a store and ask if you work there when you clearly don't.
It's worse when people just walk up to you and ask you if you've got any more in stock. And my shirt wasn't even the color of the employee uniforms...
Anyone know when forums for 2020 become a thing? This is my first year on the site.
Probably around when the rules come out
Tardigrades are cute...
Can't agree with you there....
"Why not?


Edit: It's 11:23 p.m. on the first of July, and I'm studying up for Gravity Vehicle..."
That's what happens when you have Things2do...
I got exactly the average needed to get National AP Scholar Took 12 (well 13 if you count AB subscore)
It’s 5:52 a.m. rn and I just finished nonstop binge watching the entire new season of Stranger Things and OHMYFRICKINGOSH THE FEELS I’M LITERALLY REEEEEEEEEING SO HARD OVER IT
LOL YOURE LATE I FINISHED IT YESTERDAY AFTERNOON AND IKR SAMEEEEEEEEE
I wanted to watch it when it came out! I was also traveling back from NY and handling things with an online summer class that ended this week tho, so I had to finish up the stuff for the class before bingeing
Just finished it and holy frick, this season was awesome. I will say one thing: This season's transitions beteeen some scenes were on point.
When looking at Unosmium's 2019 OH Northeast Regional results, I noticed a trial event titled "Great SciOly Race". Does anyone know what this is?
I saw that and was wondering what it was as well. Probably some Solon ms person can tell us.
As far as I know, this is the only post by a non-user on this forum.
It could be some user who's username is Guest.
It is (at least, one that was by a non-user at the time of posting as well).
"https://www.reddit.com/r/lingling40hrs/ ... erfection/
lol
I used to like brainpop"
"Yesterday, I saw both the best and the worst thing I've ever seen while driving...
It was in Dunlap, T.N. It was almost in front of the road that comes in there on the Ace Hardware side of the strip mall that also holds a Goodwill and a Dollar General. I was leaving town after going to the thrift store, having already been to the Goodwill. and it was going towards town. At first, I only glanced at the front end. It was halfway by before I realized what it was... I got a look at the back end after it went by, and I heard it. But I couldn't stare or take picturesbecause I was driving. Neither of my parents saw it because they were looking at their phones. My mother wouldn't've cared too much, but my father would've probably liked to see.

Stay tuned..."
Keeping up with the spambots can be like keeping up with the Kardashians XD
Hehe. Another one bites the dust.
I'M BACK!
I suppose you mean another spambot bites the dust? I'm pretty alive if you ask me
what if pika is secretly a hyper advanced spam bot that's infiltrated the scioly society
I think the red of the stripe was wider, it may've not had the black accenton it, and I'm not sure about the mirrors not being the same color as the body. And the wing was up some... And it might not've been the Carbon Series, but... I wish I could've gotten a better look.
I don't know which is worse: the actual car crash or the extreme amount of stress and hassle that comes after it when the car has been completely totaled
You know the day is gonna be interesting when you're awakened at 3:10 am by the police pounding on the door and telling you to evacuate cuz the condo complex next door is on fire... Whole thing turned out to be a 3 alarm fire.
The air pollution in China is really no joke.




























































nope. this is.
"no sciolyperson1 got the 24000th post
(this is 24002 - the count is next to the page list)"
mine says that it has 24001 (before this post)
That's the number of replies, lol
ohyeahimstupid
Rip, this was how I *almost* caused an accident on the highway... I was on the outermost lane and couldn't merge onto the main highway because the car behind me (in the lane that I was trying to go into) was driving at around the same speed I was... so right before I was about to reach the shoulder, I just stopped. And this was on highway I-270... whoops
Lol you triple posted on that day
shut up, we've been through this already
You're supposed to stop far enough back to get your speed up again if you can't get over before your lane ends. Or, a certain 312 H.P., 7 speed automatic car that I know of...
It's only the 5th day of school for me and I already slept past my alarm...
Lol I overslept on the first day of school. -_-
For some reason, I dreamed that I was 11 years old, and I was near Chicago...
The fun of living in Florida...
Pfft just nuke it
Ironic that this sentence is helplessly awkward (Lag should be lack? Why would you need "perfect proficiency" when a dictionary is a search away? "To understand core of literature"?)
My quest to get Forensics as an event is finally over And it only took two years of attempts!
Welcome to the dark side, my friend
hopefully, i get it. I dont know anything about how my highschool runs scioly. idk when the callout is even lol
Although I know I will probably make the team this year, I’m really nervous about doing badly at tryouts. A lot of my life revolves around Science Olympiad and I’d feel terrible if it wasn’t a part of my life.
"Sameeeeee

(Except idek if I have a chance to make the team oof)"
Just chill, there’s no reason to worry. Though it shows how important it is to you, all it does it cause stress and detriment to yourself. Have confidence in yourself and hold your head high!
I'm sad. I don't get to compete ever again... But I hope to supervise events! HMU if you need volunteers for any tournament in IL.
You should supervise in Missouri!
Again. Waaay to far unless MSO wants to cover my hotel or something. I'm a poor college student.
I'm pretty sure I did worse on my eighth grade tryouts then I did on my seventh grade one. As long as you don't let your grades slip or become overly obnoxious to the point where even the coaches can't handle it (and from my memory, you are not obnoxious) you'll be fine. Also rip Food Science and RFTS conflict nats.
You'll do fine. Obviously you want to study for them, but I avoid most stress by just not thinking about what the results will be, and I just try to do my best. I know that sounds really cheesy, but it legit works for me at least.
That gives me a bit more confidence, thanks! The conflict isn't good... I'm hoping I can do both Food Science and RFTS at state, and then go from there.
ahahaha the murphy team forum got deleted cause no one's used it in three years
"So... There are 41 people doing S.O. at my school this year and I really don't know how I feel about it...
(Also I'm in Division C now )"
How many are you used to? My school's program typically has ~75 members, and I don't see any problem.
SANS IS COMIING TO SSBU AND I'M MORE HYPED FOR HIM THAN BOTH OF THE 2 DLCS EVEN THO IT'S JUST A SKIN
I broke two of the same violin strings in a span of two weeks...something's wrong
I'm used to about 20 (maybe 25) people. I go to a small school, so a lot of people doing S.O. is new to me.
If handled properly, a new string breaking that soon could be a manufacturing defect.
Lol, I've been playing cello for 5 years and I've never had a string break. Plus, I only have to tune like every other month, it's really weird, my cello almost never goes out of tune.
Casual flex of the week right here.
Your cello has a spell cast upon it that makes it never go out of tune.
"@dxu46 which strings? I use Pirazzi Golds (they're expensive bois but they last quite a while and sound really good on my violin)

TheCrazyChemist wrote:
CPScienceDude wrote: ↑
September 5th, 2019, 10:37 am
Lol, I've been playing cello for 5 years and I've never had a string break. Plus, I only have to tune like every other month, it's really weird, my cello almost never goes out of tune.
Your cello has a spell cast upon it that makes it never go out of tune.

Or it just never leaves his house and his house is kept in super ideal humidity and temperature conditions. That or it's actually out of tune and he doesn't notice it"
Got me lol
"I use Dominant, and this hasn't ever happened before.
One thing to note is that both times, it happened while playing the three big pizzicato chords in the fast part of Zigeunerweisen (Sarasate). I'm not sure if the way i'm playing it is wrong, but my teacher has worked on upping the volume and clarity of my pizzicato, so if there was a problem I'd think that she'd have noticed it before. I will ask about this in my lesson next week though (performance on saturday though which is a big rip)

also WOW those strings are expensive... buying a set of the strings I prefer already is kind of expensive in my book... but these..."
Jeez Pirazzi's are expensive. I personally use helicores because I really like the feel.
*Laughs in alto sax cause I can't relate to string issues*
Woooooo alto
Woooooo alto
I really want to do Orni because I'm actually passionate about that stuff but the coach probably won't let me .
Lol you should still do it. Even if your coach doesn't let you do it, if you're passionate about it, you should study it. Coaches should never be an obstacle for you doing what you want to do/love. And plus, idk how your team works but on ours, we can still go to those event practices even if we don't compete in those events.
"Hi everyone!
This will only take a second of your time but it's for a great cause and I hope you don't mind.

I'm sure all of you care very much about the environment and the organisms that live in it. I'm trying to get my school to stop the use of plastic straws as they can severely injure wildlife as I'm sure you've heard. I know that the mission to get rid of plastic straws is merely a meme for some people, but I want to make a difference in this world and this is what I'd like to start with.

If you could please sign my petition to help me make my district administration that we do NOT need plastic straws when there is a safer, eco-friendly, biodegradable alternative, paper straws (or, no straws at all).

Thank you so much for taking the time to read this, and I hope you'll consider signing my petition. If you wanted to share it, that would be super amazing too

http://chng.it/7vdG6TRvCs

Have a great day!"
"Actually met Adi in person for the first time, he's a really chill guy

Hopefully my Div D adventures are going to be as fun as my Div C ones!"
If there were superlatives for the scioly.org staff, Adi would definitely win the Most Wholesome one
"Guys, Ik its only the the third week of school... But HOW MUCH SLEEP AM I SUPPOSED TO BE GETTING!?!?!

I'm lucky to get 5 hours...

(freshman)"
Yikes, I believe the minimum is 8 hours biologically. Ik it's not as easy as it sounds, but you should probably go to bed earlier, rather than wake up later(for obvious reasons).
Yeah Adis real chill
"Our first Quiz Bowl practice is today

Quizbowl is the best activity, change my mind"
high treason against the scioly state
Do it.
"Chances are it's probably a distraction and/or procrastination problem. That was me last year too, but I spent most of my time from after schools/extracurriculars chatting with friends and doing random stuff, then doing homework and debate and scioly and whatever at somewhere around 9 or 10. Your freshman course load shouldn't be insane unless you have (an) AP class(es) or just some really hard class. If you're being really apathetic about doing your homework, there are some easy methods to remedy that - first, I find you can get most of your easy homework (math, science, other nonanalytical homework) done either between/during classes or at lunch, so you don't have to worry about those. The stuff like history notes and essays take more time to think about and generally can't be taken care of in the little bits of time, but getting the easy stuff done first really cuts down on time. Second, collaborating with friends on homework helps a lot. Even if it's really easy stuff, talking to other people in your class helps you think about it more, and it kind of forces you to do homework since nothing else is available. Finally, keeping a planner/some other forms of reminders help (I use post it notes and a desk drawer drawer.) I find that the looming threat of no sleep and endless boredom is great motivation to do my work. On a typical day, you might be done with sports/instruments/extracurriculars/homework by 10 or 10:30, then you can spend as much time as you want doing other things.

I really can't function without at least 8 hours of sleep, so I kind of had to learn this stuff to stay alive"
8 HOURS of Sleep is a lot. I usually get like 6 hours.
I usually manage to sleep around 6.5-7.5 hours on a school night, which I think is a lot more compared to other people in my grade with my courseload (5 APs, 1 Honors)
The staff AMA will be live in less than three hours! Tune in at 8:30 ET/5:30 PT!
"On my mother's phone, the timestamp currently reads ""Streamed 1 *[see footnote]...""...

Edit: *On second thought, that truncation of a word might not be appropriate for a public forum... Although, it's also a model railroad scale..."
tfw scioly is basically a meme for most people on ur team
So I need to do a form thing for Science class can anyone fill this out?
tfw your high school hasn't had tryouts for their scioly team. not even a mention of the callout on the announcements yet, lol.
When ur school doesn't hold tryouts
I dont even know if my school has tryouts. Last year they only had like 13 on the team that went to states so idk
Tryouts are normally held for the elitist teams (Normally Nats qualifying) or teams that simply have too many members that they can place on a team.
didn't intend for people to copy paste all the lyrics of Revenge but ok
lol that was me.
Creeper?
Aww man.
"So we back in the mine
Got our pickaxe swinging from side to side
Side-side to side
This task, a grueling one
Hope to find some diamonds tonight, night, night
Diamonds tonight"
we dont have tryouts until like mid-november
So did I
Even tho at my school scioly is a meme, we have tryouts.
"no ones answering my question lmao so might as well ask here
anyone know a good piece for cello thats pretty much for a beginner: it shouldn't be like straight 16th notes or go higher than 3rd/4th position maybe, but like not all of it in 1st position either
my brothers trolling his orch teacher and we need to make it seem believable"
Bach cello suite 1 prelude? (i only know like two cello pieces, this and dvorak concerto lmao) It is basically straight sixteenth notes but a lot is finger patterns.
i already tried that he said that his teacher would like kick him out and laugh at him for even looking like he'd attempt that :/
Gavotte by J.B. Lully in Suzuki book 3 maybe? I'd look in book 2 but i can't seem to find it in my mess of a room. Book 3 has a few good ones actually.
"When you don't use facebook but your school team uses that to communicate and Umaroth walks up to you to tell you that you missed a meeting.

Bruh Moment"
F
IMO Facebook's main usefulness is in group communication. The social media, news feed, posting aspect is pretty superficial, but the ability to communicate in groups, pages, and chats is not to be underestimated. This applies even more in college than high school.
^^^
I don't use Facebook but lots of groups at Troy like Cyber and JROTC use it for communication
Just get everyone to use GroupMe or Slack. That's what my school does and I highly recommend it
Discord is also a good platform for things like this.
Just to clarify, he's referring to communication with teachers. Teachers use Facebook to send out announcements for clubs and stuff.
Yep, I know. Teachers can join the Discord server, as well. It's not the most popular solution, but it's just another suggestion.
Meep
"So uh
Anyone hear the new Fall Out Boy song?"
"For those having a rough day:

https://youtu.be/quLGGGa-B2U"
Meep Meep
Acme missile approaches its prey.
Uh oh...
our tennis team uses groupme for updates and stuff
What about remind....
IMO, GroupMe is definitely better - we use it for debate, quizbowl, strolling strings, and ultimate, because it's just really easy to use and very accessible.
My team uses remind and google classroom for stuff
Does anybody else's school have "Pre-AP" classes for subjects that don't even have an AP counterpart. Like, Pre-AP Geometry. There is no AP Geometry, and Pre-AP English 10. I don't know why they're called that, but it really bothers me, lol.
The school where I went to for 6th grade, Beck Junior High, had Pre-AP for some of its classes; I think it's an extension of the AP program for middle schools to prepare for college.
"It's because they're (supposed to be) harder than academic yet easier than AP.
Furthermore they're 5.0 courses.
(so all the GPA game people in Tex - top 6% of class gets you auto admit to any in state public college - only take those, AP courses, and the few 4.0 required ones)"
Not all schools weight APs higher on GPAs
There's no Pre-AP thing where I live so I don't know what I missed out on. Welp ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
We also use GroupMe for a lot of things and if the entire school uses it, then it'll be accessible on the school issued chromebooks as well. Idk if it's just me, but Remind on computers don't give notifications...? Or maybe I just don't have the habit of checking it lol...
Tfw you joked about find where the beats are games with the first movement of Tchaik 4 but arguably it’s much more fun to play that game with anything by Stravinsky
Ginastera harp concerto
I'm testing if my time zone settings are scrwed just a second
Your time zone settings would err more than a second, more like on the scale of hours.
For scioly at my school, were allowed to choose preferences for certain events but idk how to convince them to let me do ornithology. Like I have a genuine interest and like I actually have experience in birding out in the field and stuff but like idk how to put it into words.
"Go up to them, make small talk for a bit of time, then bring up your birding interests, show them what you've done, than transition into asking them about Ornith.
(or
You: Hola, what do you think about <insert current happenings of mutual or general interest>
(once topic is running out)
You: Have I told you about this bird I saw the other day that's a really rare find?
(show pics/records of you observing the bird)
-then if they don't offer Ornith suggest it in whichever way seems appropirate."
Were you not put into ornithology on your team schedule, or do they just think that you aren't interested in the event? Basically, is your team schedule already made?
I would suggest being more direct than that.
So, yesterday I went up to the captain of my team and said if I don't get forensics i'm going to cry (as a joke, obviously), and one of the older teammates who helped coach my middle school team told her how good a crime i was, and the captain said,"I'll see what I can do". So,the direct approach worked pretty well for me lol.
If you're good at it and interested, I see no reason they wouldn't put you on it.
:ooooooo
storm scioly.org - the admins can't stop all of us
What happened to the hide function. Is it like dead forever
I mean the only way to stop something like that would be to ban users, and probably several of them might be spambots
hmmm. yeah
I'm so not ready to play La Mer at rehearsal tomorrow...
I figured out something in physics and got way to excited about it and it killed my mood for the rest of the day
"I really hate my wrist.
Oh, and I really hate The Catcher in the Rye."
"It gets better.

eventually"
When you forget to read the Computer Science textbook but still get 100 on the quiz
When you forget to do your math homework and get a 70 on the quiz.... jk[size/].
When you miss one day because you are traveling home from a rock concert and you have to make up 3 tests
"When lots of people at your old school thought you were some kind of future Einstein, but you move to a new district and suddenly you realize you are stupid .

Which is not untrue, just I don't always remember that fact. Rip me in four years when I receive my college rejection letters"
When lots of people think ur smart but deep inside you know ur not.
Relateable. That is, if people actually think I'm smart. Most people just think I'm tall, but that's no longer a title I can boast in high school with 7 footers at every corner.
Rip you are smart MadCow. That's why you made it to nats. Not saying that people who didn't make it to nats aren't smart, just saying that people who do are usually very smart.
going to nats doesnt make someone smart if their state completely sucks or if they were carried. nats does not automatically equal smart...
^
"That feeling when you realize AP Calc is easier than precalc
also when you have a lower grade in 10th-grade-chemistry than AP Physics"
Notice I said usually....
sigh
Literally me, I'm a sophomore taking both right now and I have a lower grade in Chem Honors than AP Physics
I failed algebra 1 but am currently acing algebra 2. hmmmmmmmmmmmm........
"I wish I was taking algebra 2 this year. (sadly, that is for 10th grade)
ugh geometry"
Ughhhhh two column proofs are the worst
"I've already finished the book and it's so so so so so so so so baddddd...
I fell asleep every. single. time I read it which is saying something because I never fall asleep while doing homework and usually with school books, I read ahead.
(We divided it up into sections to read as homework)"
That was probably actually my favorite book that we read sophomore year... I don't get how you don't like it.
"That's not what I meant by ""eventually""

It is, of course, a terrible idea to read a book designed to mock the disillusioned teenager attitude as a teenager. I have no idea why high school teachers continue to do this."
Did we read the same book? Obviously, there are instances where Holden is portrayed as being immature or unknowledgable, but the overall tone is much more one of self-identification and sympathy.
Your experience seems atypical. When I read the book in high school, most people were annoyed by Holden's portrayal.
yeeeessss. It doesn't help that my teacher is super confusing (thankfully, I'm getting a new Geometry teacher in a couple of weeks)
no cap Geometry was harder than calc
Hi everyone. I’m new to Science Olympiads. I am planning on doing Astronomy, Circuit Lab and Disease Detectives. Any suggestions or advice? I would really appreciate it
"Ok. so first of all, you probably want to pick up one, maybe 2 more events.
The following image describes which events run in which time blocks (regardless of team number) at nats.
https://ibb.co/QJqxf00
since when could my images be only up to 500 pix wide?
Noting that the nats schedule is often used by invitationals, you will most likely be unable to do both Astro and Circuit Lab.
I'd recommend picking events on
a - your strengths
b - your resources
c - competition
Strengths need not be explained, but resources include not just materials and tools for builds, but also textbooks and advice for study/labs. (e.g. - do you already have a couple textbooks covering the topics in a certain event, or are your parents able to help you). Competition is noteworthy not just within the context of no one will fight for you over the event, but also that it will be picking up slack for the team if you become good at it.
On becoming good at events, learning style is up to each individual, but a good measure is to see if you can teach someone how to do it. Don't settle for being able to place but not be sure on most of the questions; in order to succeed you should be able to take a SciOly test and come out of it feeling as if you had just taken a standard test in a subject you're at least half decent in - AKA you knew most of the answers solidly and had a good educated guess on the others. (though there will always be those 1 or 2 questions)
That's what I got for individual performance. Keep in mind that partner as well as team interactions are also important."
Hey, this is me again. I am still unsure about what topics I should choose. And I’ve come down to Disease Detectives, CodeBusters and Circuit Lab. Any useful links or websites that can help me with these topics? If any, please let me know. Thank you!
"Well for circuit lab, along with other phys/chem/bio events online courses such as Khan Academy can help you learn and things like Varsity Tutors can help you sharpen what you were taught. (circuit lab is under AP Physics 1 I believe, so just find the portions covering that topic under AP Physics 1).
For lab events be sure to go to the forums for those specific events to get tips and make sure you know how to use a bread box if you're doing circuits. Keep in mind that if you're going to be competitive you're gonna have to know the subject thoroughly.
The question marathons here are nice to keep active in, and the SciOlyWiki can give you basic breakdowns on what events cover."
Hamilton is so gooooood
You just discovered it or long time fan?
Longtime fan, but saw it today for my birthday.
The only musical I've seen is Dear Evan Hansen, which I loooove
I’m going to see it next weekend!
I can't believe I'm saying this but I wish TenMarks didn't die
"The Phantom Menace gets so much bad rep from Jar Jar and all of the politics stuff, but I've never gotten that stuff:
- Jar Jar is adorable, lol
- Without the trade talk, none of the story would have had any basis, so it was necessary. Also, it was pretty interesting!
- Soundtrack is
- CGI may be a bit unnatural but it's all really cool and stuff
- As far as the story arc goes, TPM really sets up a lot of things for the future, which I don't really want to type out
ha i'm a nerd"
owo why can't I have images greater than 500*500?
"Edit: You don't even have to type the [/quote] for it to act as a quote...

11 notifications, and 8 unread pages from this thread alone... And, they've removed at least one word from the filter...

I can't help but wonder if the"
We like to go by, "If it's not broke, don't fix it." Most updates don't noticeably benefit the Forums, and for a site with a Wiki, Forum, custom Forum styles, and additional custom pages, it can be difficult to fix an update that affects this integration. Our recent rollover was a good time to update the Forums package, and while some things did break, most of the site is still functioning as it was before.
I wondered if that might be the case after I sent that... I turn off updates on everything I can, automatic or otherwise, so I understand why y'all would for something this big. Especially with all of the bugs that arise in such things as 3.2.6.
"pls rember that wen u feel scare or frigten
never forget ttimes wen u feeled happy

wen day is dark alway rember happy day"
It still seems strange that this is no longer a Posting Game...
The Scioly.org staff doesn't see it as a true posting game
Sure, it can be a game. Last post wins.
"You're on.

Also, I like the extra carriage return when you quote someone.

This reminds me of certain locked threads deep within the Posting Games history..."
Carriage return? You sound too old for Division C...
You have to remember he's one of those people who always bumps threads. Like the chess thread.
"Alright, I just found something that's even worse than Catcher in the Rye... Aristotle Poetics
Why do these ancient Greek philosophers have so much free time and write these confusing, egoistic, and idek what other adjectives to use to describe it things... idek what to call them... And why do English teachers teach us this"
"Well, I'm in the same generation of my family as my cousins that're in their thirties. I regularly use a Windows MS-DOS 3.1 IBM computer, my favorite Windows O.S. is 98, I've never paid more than $10 for a computer, I've seen a mainframe computer, and I find it quite irksome that modern, ""smart"" cellular telephones lack internal cooling fans. I also prefer nice, solid cars. Not the flimsy, plastic ones they're making today. I also watch old talkies and shows on the tube. Yes, we have a cathode ray tube television set. And, we use it.
It's color, so it's still high tech, right?"
hmmmmm... Aristotle poems aren't even English
Does anyone else look back on what they said on whatever website and just cringe
"/Mini Rant/
I know a lot of people like Excel, but as someone who uses it a lot at an advanced/niche level for work, I find it extremely frustrating. I would never pay money for such a piece of trash, and I think it only became popular because of its novelty and Microsoft's platform.
/Mini Rant Over/"
"I disagree to some extent. I use Excel pretty much on a daily basis at home and at work, and it's pretty much a lifesaver. Even if its only credit is popularizing spreadsheets, that's very noteworthy.

Obviously it has weaknesses, just like any other program. I would consider it unfair to call it a piece of trash, though. Just because its functionalities have limits doesn't mean it's not worth the cost."
"Today I was able to do a heck ton of homework (writing, filming, and creating a short how-to film for English, write and practice for an LEQ for AP World, do AP Physics review), study for tests (Latin, World, Physics), and get in 2 hours of violin practice (but it is currently almost midnight so maybe this doesn't go in my favor) without missing or half-doing anything.

Time management"
On the contrary I basically accomplished nothing today. (or its already yesterday by now)
Same, besides some ornithology. I feel like we should be in bed by now...
I came home with a headache from ROTC PT and had to take an hour and a half nap at 7 to regain functionality. Luckily I had finished a lot of homework in class so I was able to sleep at my normal time.
I manage my time perfectly--I enter school with six classes' worth of homework, and get it all done before each class starts. This leaves me time to do anything (or nothing) after school.
Amateurs... I wrote a 1000 word essay in 2 hours yesterday. (Procrastination gets worst in college...)
Procrastination already hits me hard, so I'm terrified for college
omg same.
Don't all of us procrastinate
Not if I can help it.
We all strive to prevent it... But it always comes back. Every single time...
sounds like me freshman and sophomore year of hs
Dread it. Run from it. Destiny arrives all the same.
It is.... inevitable
I might be crazy, but I swear hide was semi-working yesterday.
Now all the hides say "click to show hidden text"... I think they are working on resurrecting it
"excuse me what is so crucial at this moment for you to be talking about during an earthquake drill will you die if sound is not coming out of your mouth there is a concept known as paying attention to the task at hand but no talking takes precedent over everything
sorry I'm slightly triggered"
earthquake drill?
yea we don't really have earthquakes where we are but we still have to do the drill it was basically just hiding under a table
nuclear bomb drill
There's a speech and debate tournament tomorrow and I JUST wrote my oratory speech last night (at like midnight) and I just fixed my PuF case today. Who knew PuF was so different from Policy... Policy= evidence+evidence+evidence^n, but PuF= evidence^-1+analysis... which I didn't know because I decided to do PuF last second (so I've only been to 2 meetings) and yeah uh it hasn't been good ugh
Ok at my school we have soooooo many tornado drills but never in my life have we had a tornado. (We did have a really bad thunderstorm one day though so we missed an entire period)
I've got the title, and then the "(CLICK TO SHOW HIDDEN TEXT)."
Ah yes. Hiding under a standard issue school desk will protect you from a nuclear blast...
This is one of my big pet peeve misconceptions. It was never about surviving at ground zero, but sometimes for a substantial area, depending on yield and detonation height, the primary hazard is moderate over-pressure. In these areas, getting under furniture and staying away from windows can substantially reduce injuries.
"I mean back in the day they treated it like you were gonna be at ground zero...
NUKEMAP
The possibilities are quite interesting..."
So thanks to our Problem Solving teacher we have Dunkin Donuts
What in the heck happened to these emojis? They look like the iPhone emojis but hOW i'm so confused
"Woah I didn't even notice it until you brought it up
What's the difference between these two?"
Ants keep quick scoping inside my own house and I don't even know why they want to keep on biting me but I AM MAD.
Scioly>Speech and debate
So I got my permit today.
Permit for what?
Driving.
Nuclear Hypocholrite Salinometer Turgidity Tests
Yay! Good job!!!
Go back to your debate tournament smh
The other day I had to explain what getting flexed on means to my mom.
I'm finished
I'm assuming that didn't exactly go that well
She ended up giving up trying to understand, simply saying: "wow your generation is weird"
Is it just me or does everyone doing tik tok just pigeon you off.
I don't understand - it seems like a pretty simple analogy, between flexing muscles -> flexing any skills.
"Hey, reminds me about the time when I had to explain kpop to my mom... -_-
(And they're saying that OUR generation is weird... hmmm)"
but kpop is weird
oh no is Chana468 a Scioly spam bot have they figured out how to make this happen
"Why did my pigeon turn into pidgeon?

Hopefully it doesn't do it again."
Must be, since s/he doesn't have any posts... What was it?
There was a post about "good to know people have figured out how to make predictions" or something like that and one about Regionals
Ugh, Monday mornings are normally not horrible, but when you get an unexpected five day weekend (NorCal reaccs only) and proceed to waste it and destroy your sleep schedule, waking up at 6:30 on a Monday morning to help sign your Aero SAE team up for a competition is NOT fun.
Guess what time it is... PSAT time!
*psat memes time
ayyyy just finished it. I think it was a lot easier than last year's
It really was. I haven't taken the SAT yet so... how much harder is it than the PSAT?
Well, I haven't taken an official SAT test (though i am on dec 7), but I've taken a few of the official practice tests and I've scored pretty well on them. They're really not that much harder. The main difference between the tests is that the SAT is longer, and the math actually has geometry in it, while the psat is a lot shorter and focuses algebra.
Lowkey the same tests.....I mean most people should find very minimal difference, other than the SAT is longer.
Darn... I was hoping at least to use precalc...
To all of you suffering through the absolute joy that is the SAT -- good luck! And you absolutely got this! If you can do most Science Olympiad tests you're more than smart enough and hard-working enough for it!
lol i definitely found the sat to be easier than my psat last year
As a senior, I don't understand the psat memes. What am I missing?
(not making the memes myself, but that's all Ima but out there)
When will hovercraft come back into rotation?
I think next year. It was in for 2017 and 2018, now out for 2019 and 2020.
Ooo I really hope so.
I think it's being replaced by maglev in 2021/2022... so then its back in 2023
I am currently very interested in yeeting my Chromebook across the room
Don't yeet your Chromebook. It does not deserve to be yeeted
How do we all know the phrase "The mitochondria is the powerhouse of the cell." like was it a famous book that coined the phrase or something? I really need to know.
"Powerhouse of the Cell" is an article about mitochondria published in Scientific American in 1957. A Google Books Ngram search shows that the phrase gained popularity in published works around this time but it may have already been in use among a smaller community starting in the early 1940's.
Dude I didn't think that the answer was a logical one
Why is there a dxu47?
Y'all I got all the events I signed up for for once!!! (orni, circuits, WIDI)
"It's not the first time a user has had a mimicker: memberlist.php?mode=viewprofile&u=33648

Also, yay! The ""Users"" section finally shows users' states and divisions!"
Every time I open the site up now a days it just gets glitchier lol.
Can't trust a dog with a keyboard.
"If we give it an indefinite amount of time and a computer, it could code the most advanced forum site ever.
(however, scientific theory ignores a basic fact even high schoolers know - that an indefinite amount of time does not readily exist to experiment with"
"_____________________________________________________
×

bernard wants to know your location

[Block] [Allow]
_____________________________________________________"
"_________________________________________________
×

bernard wants to know your location

[Block][Block][Block][Block][Block][Block][Block][Block][Block]
[Block][Block][Block][Block][Block][Block][Block][Block][Block]
[Block][Block][Block][Block][Block][Block][Block][Block][Block]
_________________________________________________

This is why I use NordVPN
lol no"
"Holy heck TMW you are there 20 minutes early for a midterm but you end up running into the exam room ten minutes late because another midterm, starting at the ""same time"" has a much bigger line. If my grammar doesn't make sense it's because my adrenaline is still going insane an hours and a half after the test.

Just college things..."
Tomorrow I have a midterm and I don't know whats going on and I'm totally not procrastinating rn
"Sharpen your swords,
Prepare your armor,
Restart the forges,
The flames of war will return."
It’s a GoT fan!
oh no i know nothing about that
"So I'm explaining to my dad how my Wright Stuff progress is going.
I say that I got stuck, literally.
He thinks I meant I stabbed myself with my exacto knife...
I have to elaborate, ""No, I just glued my hand to the plane again."""
"What's GoT?

Also woah new sassy game about to start!"
"Game of Thrones?
I found out about it too late to get into it but I’ve heard nothing but good things tbh lol"
I thought to myself, "Oh boy, I need to check the forum so I can be an officer," but then I remembered I can't. I guess I'll just participate.
Finally figured out how to set my avatar image so... yeah that's good.
How do you do it? I can't find a picture small enough.
You use a combinaton of image compressors (you can find them online) for the data size and photo editing software to crop the proportions right
Thanks! It worked really well and was very easy to do (as you'll see).
OMG I cant believe you changed ur avatar
Why? I was always wondering how to do it, but I never figured out a way. Thanks to JoeyC, I found a way to change it and I did.
ARSENAL? All respect lost... jk, jk it's just a joke, I don't even follow the premier league
Lol its more about me hating change
"Buddy, if you're a Man United, Man City, Chelsea, or Spurs fan, I could make fun of you all day.
AlfWeg wrote: ↑
October 22nd, 2019, 5:30 pm
Lol its more about me hating change
Why? Change is usually good. The world needs to progress."
"no one:
abolutely no one:
not a single soul:
researchers: Lay down on your back. *plays a vaccuum cleaner for 40 seconds with a 5 second break, then plays another 5 seconds*"
Sure
Time to reroute that discussion to the Politics thread
...and that's how we cured cancer
Welcome to Avalon.
I'm embracing change. No cap I just changed the flavor of Cream Cheese I get.
So I finally figured out what I'm going to be for Halloween (Carl from The Walking Dead)
omg that stupid passage bahahahaha
Is it (SciOHly) or (SciAhly)? This is a legitimate argument
The former.
who tf says SciAhly
^ seriously, tho. Definitely SciOHly
Kim Gervase says SciAhly (IPA: /sai ɔli/)
I say SciAhly when referring to this site, but I say SO (Ess Oh) or Science OHlympiad when referring to the competition (sometimes that OH becomes a schwa when talking about the competition).
SciOhly for sure. I refer to this website as the forums, and sometimes I refer to the competition as Science Olympiad, but I will never say "SciAhly". Also MMM, you are def not a failed sassy, your game was actually good.
"Thanks, TCC! (I tried)


I didn't WIN though, so I technically failed...

There we go, unsuccessful. That's a little bit nicer to myself."
I've only seen a few games where the Sassy won at all so don't be too hard on yourself
The sassy isn't supposed to win imo.
I think there's fun in seeing others catch on to your cryptic clues. And winning means keeping a game up for a long time...
Right, it was so satisfying actually seeing people retrace my steps to solve the clue, and it was really boring when people just went "ehhh, no clue what to do" and moved on. Like I mentioned in my solutions post, I was going to do a radical change in a couple of clues since it was getting a little repetitive, but that was just to make things fun–and, if I won, I won. People can WIN with 10 kills easy if they make it so obscure that no one has any hope of following the thought process. I wanted to make my game challenging, with a couple of freebies, and I wanted to have a good mix of riddles and ciphers–trying to hit a perfect balance between too easy that no one cares, and too hard that no one wants to try.
beep boop boop
Now that's what this thread is for. Random things like this.
Possible Poll
guys im drawing tom hiddleston and he looks like something from a nightmare
"cheese
_--""-.
.-"" ""-.
|""""--.. '-.
| """"--.. '-.
|.-. .-"". """"--.."".
|'./ -_' .-. |
| .-. '.-' .-'
'--.. '.' .- -.
""""--.. '_' :
""""--.. |
""""-'"
I love the fact that I got an A on an 1000 word essay that I wrote in the 2 hours before it was due.
"(Haven't gotten an answer on the test writing thread yet so I'll post this here as well)
So I'm writing a road scholar test for an upcoming invitational, and I need some advice. For reference, there are 13 teams. What should I do about the maps? Run it in stations so I need less of each map? Or should I put the maps in the test? I don't like the second option because the map is usually very difficult to read and it doesn't really prepare participants for higher competitions. Thanks for any advice, though."
Interesting fact: 17 of 24 C teams qualifying for Virginia's 2019 state tournament were from the same school district.
Ouchie
the feeling of people seeing your pleads for help but not acting upon them, wanting you to just not exist anymore, hurts more than any other.
Are you feeling okay? If you would like to talk to about something, there's lots of us on the forums who will gladly chat with you! My PM's are open as well!
Seconded.

Me too Anomaly! You know I'm always here for you
Hi
How big is that school district then :O
"Technically, Virginia (like Maryland) does not have ""school districts"" in the traditional sense, but school divisions that are governed by the county, city, or other geographic division. In the case of Virginia, the school division that holds those 17 schools, Fairfax County Public Schools, serves an area with a population around 1.1 million. It's still impressive that 17 schools came from it, as there are 25 high and secondary schools part of FCPS.

It's worth noting that Virginia appears to have open regionals, as teams from FCPS appeared at multiple regional tournaments. This is likely contributing to the geographic skew. This is a case where I believe open regionals may be actively holding back Virginia's potential for expansion into less-served areas of the state."
Does the fact that TJ has been a pretty good school for a lot of time have anything to do with increasing the competitiveness of Fairfax County?
I had tryouts this week. I've been stressing over it since the end of last season. The team list was posted today, and I made it! I'm so excited for this season. Practices start next week, and I'm eager to get to work. I've missed Science Olympiad so much, and I couldn't be happier to be back on the team!
CONGRATUATIONS!!
THANK YOU
I suspect Fairfax County in general is a competitive area, with a combination of large schools and a highly affluent population. TJ, being a magnet school, ends up being even more competitive.
Yay!
Im procrastinating rn
lol same. I'm writing a road scholar test and instead of actually writing it I've been watching The Phantom of the Opera.
Mine're open, too.
"AAAAHHHHH (college) life is stressful ahhhh

Thank goodness for that extra hour of sleep last night!

Ahhhhhhhh"
College life is indeed stressful.
Trying to write a fossils test and update an old binder has already taken up most of my weekend.
Writing a road scholar test has taken up almost my whole week. I have until mid December, but I just want to get it done lol
Making 200 pages of notes has taken up my weekend.
imagine actually being productive over the weekend i just like talked to three people and called it a weekend and now i have to do homework
I can't believe its already sunday night
"IKR!
I've been studying for my midterm for most of the day since Friday, and it simultaneously seems like its been forever and no time at all.
(For context, I have a physics midterm on Tuesday, second semester registration on Wednesday(which just so happens to be one of the worst registration times possible), and an insane amount of homework for just a 2-unit class, which just about everyone agrees should be a 4 unit class.)

Ahh stress.
(But hey, I've been through worse, and studying with friends is always a blast!)"
I have until day-after-tomorrow lol, lucky you
Someone send help. I'm currently in my most boring class of the day (PLTW Intro to Engineering). It's more boring than usual. My teacher is teaching us how to convert fractions to decimals and the rest of my class (which is mostly sophomores and juniors) are struggling so badly.
"CPScienceDude wrote: ↑
November 4th, 2019, 10:19 am
My teacher is teaching us how to convert fractions to decimals
Just remember to divide the numerator by the denominator. Use long division if needed."
I know how to do it lol. I'm just struggling listening to my classmates not knowing how to do it
/me just completely gives up
Is it just me, or did anyone else never do this in school and it was expected of us in like, 6th grade.
Kumon in 2nd grade, because kumon be like that
Ey PLTW gang rise up. Ngl they could do a better job with the program though.
Yeah. It's really slow moving. A lot of it is really repetitive too. Like for the past 3 weeks we've just been making parts in Inventor.
The seniors in my algebra two class have to learn how to factor halp
"Seniors need help learning factoring... at Troy High School? Perhaps my ignorance of the internal workings of Troy is the one posting this, but I thought Troy screens for good students by entrance tests?

Anyways, if the pace of your class is too slow for your tastes and you're looking for something to fill your time, there's always SciOly..."
"Wait this is thing even at a place like Troy?
(Also I still don't quite know how to factor a quadratic if there is a coefficient in the front)"
Alg II reg. Despite its magnet program, Troy is still a public high school.
What does this even mean?
It draws people in from around the region to go to it. Kinda like how a good college gets many applicants from around the nation - though of course not on that scale.
"gz839918 wrote: ↑
November 5th, 2019, 4:40 pm

Seniors need help learning factoring... at Troy High School? Perhaps my ignorance of the internal workings of Troy is the one posting this, but I thought Troy screens for good students by entrance tests?

Anyways, if the pace of your class is too slow for your tastes and you're looking for something to fill your time, there's always SciOly...
There's the Troy Tech program and then there's the regular school program. The Troy Tech Program is usually why people leave their schools to attend Troy, and it's the best excuse for a Inter-District Transfer. You need to test to get into Troy Tech, but you don't have to test to get into the regular school as long as you live nearby (In the same district)."
"Well, yeah, I knew about TT, but I had assumed that most of the classes you'd be taking would be classes with TT people.
Stress makes one's mind come to strange conclusions. (That stress is now largely gone, which is nice. It's quite sinusoidal.)"
gamers. who has an ig because i apparently can’t harass people on the forum and friends are cool
"Y'all y'all y'all y'all y'all
Diablo IV was recently announced and I am soooooo excited (also for Cyberpunk 2077)"
I have an ig but I don't feel like becoming friends with random people on the internet
"Imagine joining yesterday and immediately asking for random people's ig.

Ps. at least spend a few months ""getting to know"" these people

Pps. Or meet them at nats, that's another way i guess"
I would, but apparently the algebra 2 honors class is hella hard even though it's teaching the same thing. Looks like I made a good choice tho, I'm actually maintaining a A while my friends in honors are struggling to keep B's
Rogers' class is 100% worth, that man is amazing.
"I'm bored
http://bit.ly/4kb77v"
"You may have guessed based on my recent activity patterns, but effective this season, I have retired from active admin duties for the most part. I'll be helping behind the scenes on an as-needed basis, but I've always been more of a PR admin than a server admin, and the site is in very capable hands with bernard and cat, as well as the rest of our great staff. I'm excited to see where they can take the site, and for any new staff additions they may find.

I've been involved in the SO community for a while, and I've witnessed a lot of growth in this site as well. It's been an immense pleasure and honor having a part in that development, and while I've definitely made my share of mistakes, I've always tried to do what I thought would help not only Scioly.org the site, but the Science Olympiad community at large, and I hope that I've found at least a little bit of success in that. I'm not swearing off Science Olympiad completely: I'll still make appearances on the forum and IRC, and I'll continue to be involved with tournaments here and there, so I'm not disappearing for good. However, it's always been my belief that this site should largely be driven by its users, and it's been some time since I've been a competitor, and the SO landscape has changed quite a bit since then. I'll always have some beliefs (I'm never really going to like private resource trading ), but the site should do its best to serve the needs of its users and community, and I think it's time to pass that on to the younger userbase.

So long, and thanks for all the Future Dictator titles!

-East"
F
Thanks East for being a member of our community!! You've been an inspiration to me before I even had an account as you were always around to post thorough nationals predictions and lend a hand to everybody. Also, this is really late, but I hope you had a wonderful birthday!
Thanks for your contributions, East! We will def miss you even if you aren't leaving for good.
Looks like our coup worked... Farewell East.
Couldn't say it better! Good luck with your future endeavors East.
*farewell airhorn*
Thank you for everything you've done East. You will be sorely missed.
"Farewell East. May your path be ever blessed.
As for future generations..."
Thanks for being a great Admin! Sad to see you go (Hope to still see ur predictions )
The dog has been unleashed.
Snow Day Tomorrow!!!!!!!!! Scioly about to ramp up
bruh.
*For me
I know lucky. It snowed a bit here, but only an inch or so, and none of it stuck on the roads.
Imagine it snowing in November.
We Michiganders don't have to imagine it. I have had more than one snowy Halloween.
Lowkey should have been a snowday today as well. One kid legit flipped into a ditch on the way to school
"Imagine it being cold...
High of 85 tomorrow down here."
ok but you're in Florida.
Texan Winter is probably MI Summer. (but we do occasionally get snow) once or twice every 2 or 3 years)
What's snow?
MI Summers can get fairly warm, with consistent low 80s in July/August, although summers in the mid 70s are possible. Depending on where you are, it can also be really humid because of all of the bodies of water, but I suppose humidity isn't anything new to a Texan.
I hate the cold. Cold wouldn't be bad if it was for a short time. But it just goes on and on and on and on and on. The entire spring:(
"I guess I'm lucky... I love winter and summer, and get equal measures of both
Though it was unpleasant almost falling with every step I took on the way to school..."
I envy you:)
Video Discussion of Nats Tests
Guess what, it did snow a little today, although it didn't stick. I guess I don't have to imagine it snowing in November anymore.
Same! Although I was slightly scared for a moment that it would keep coming and we wouldn't have school tomorrow, which means no scioly meeting tomorrow and Wednesday is the only day of the week we meet.....
back from the dead
When your English teacher is into plays so now you gotta write a essay about some Athenian dude who died 400 years before the birth of Christ.
Welcome back.
Why do the hides only work when I'm logged in?
Because it is tied to your account.
Oh, hello.
I remembered that it was a setting about 10 minutes after I sent that... Although, I still hate the font.
What. Hides work now? Edit: OMG the new format is so bright. Might have to sacrifice hide
"New format? Lemme see
EDIT: WHY ARE SIGNATURES GRAYED OUT AND WHY IS EVERYTHING ON THE RIGHT HAND SIDE"
Emoji's and Userpage Links don't work in signature....EDIT: Inside of Hide
Bah! This new format is wonky... it'll take a while to get used to.
New format?
It fixes hide, and whatever else wasn't working. You can change to it under your settings, as mentioned above.
woah this is wierd
Wow I just changed to the new format and it's so different.
"AAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH I don't like this.......
Why this font? Why not Nosifer (lol jk)"
Yeah this font is kinda hard to read:( and some stuff in signature is kinda brokeEDIT: Inside of Hide, but overall it looks nicer
Yeah... Why couldn't they've used Times New Roman or something... I like Futura, too, with the exception of it being sans-serif. You'll eventually get used to the information being on the left. And, it screwed over the colors in/on hides, too. Not to mention the BBCode tags without the ending being applied to the rest of the post instead of just showing the code like it used to. Specifically, there's no ending bold tag in this post.
This format kinda weird not gonna lie.
I like the change, but font can be a bit hard to read. Perhaps Calibri or Exo would work?
After using the new layout, I think the main thing that is weird is the contrast–everything looks kind of oddly faded, even the things that aren't explicitly lighter, like sigs. Other than that, I think it's a nice visual refresh.
I'm going back to the old version, lol. The visual refresh is nice, but I'm just too used to pfp being on left.
I'm very confused as to what everyone is talking about...
Same here buddy.
i switched to this format ~1 month ago and tbh i like the font and the overall layout
The forums got a format update. To try it, go to your User Control panel, board preferences, and click on the dropdown menu reading "old scioly.org", and select the new format. Personally, I like it better than the old format
"Once again...
They fixed hide etc., you need to go in your user settings and change the format."
Lol this was a thing a month ago....
The font is kinda weird, but other than that the update is pretty good.
This is going to take some getting used to, but I feel like I'm going to eventually like this more than the old one.
Ppl need to read rules before asking questions...
I want to punch those those dogs, Crayoladude.
Codes don't work in hide
"So this guy's on my Heredity notesheet now

my partner's going to be so confused"
"So... I managed to pull that muscle behind my left shoulder blade that starts with ""r""...

For the game console poll, I selected ""Retro."" I'm assuming that 1990's-2002 computers and a real Atari fall under that category..."
When you didn't make the Scioly team so your excessively asian parents take away your phone "until you make the Science Olympiad team"
Almost as big an oof as your PPP lel
Bro why you gotta bully me like that lol
That's a big oof

Yikes.... Wouldn't that be a year tho?
Division D is oddly fun... Also I've now ended up becoming the assistant State Supervisor for Ping Pong Parachute lol (Not boom but I'll take it) ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Congratulations... Do you have any tips for me?
Well in what aspect. I learned quite a bit about PPP.
Unfortunately, yes
How hard is it to make your scioly team?
It's Troy...
oh... that sucks
Yeah, that's a huge rip... Maybe you can convince them or something by doing really well on the team you were put on.
He's not on either team
Jeez, there's no Troy C?? Darn...
They didn't even take a full two teams, only 26 of us, they never take full teams
Yikers... how many people typically try out?
75ish, but there's a large amount that only try out for one event (usually Anatomy or Disease or a build)
Holy... have you guys ever considered making 5 teams? That's what we do (we have about the same amount of people tryout), but we bring 3 teams to just regionals.
They could, but I don't think it's worthwhile to take that many when most won't make the final team that year or even by senior year anyways.
Fair enough. It's probably a bit more hassle to bring that many when the regional site isn't located a mile away from your high school.
When all the teams competing at regionals live in the same area, but still have to go an hour away for the regional comp.
Happy Thanksgiving, everyone!
TMW You have to move to a new city so all the studying you've done for S.O. is pointless
Wow...Oof
Also, save for San Diego most regionals in SoCal have historically allowed only one team from each school to attend. (This year, a lot of them are allowing two teams to attend, but that's still not enough to warrant more than two teams IMO.)
That sucks. I know MadCow2357 had to deal with that, but he actually moved to another high school with Science Olympiad (his old district's rivals actually). If your new school doesn't have Science Olympiad, then you could maybe try to form a team.
I mean, they have it (through 6th grade though) and no one would probably band with me to form a team. I'm going to be the awkward new girl so...
"screeching because Maryland finally has an invitational

EDIT: and the small Oakdale invitational's on the soinc website"
Lol that's good for MDSO. Before did teams go to Virginia or smthn for invies? I know North Bethesda went to Rustin, but what about other schools?
"There's one in DC and the teams from around my area go to the (our area only) Oakdale one but other than that I'm not really sure
And I just realized that there was a Div C invitational...... oof"
You moving out of state? If so, that'll seriously diminish Tennessee's number of active users...
Nah. Just moving 30 minutes outside Nashville. No big whoop
"Someone filled out my assassination game feedback form, put down my username, and answered ""Eww I hated it"" for the rules question...

Trying to figure out if they are a troll, someone who didn't like game 144 (but doesn't want me to know), or if I filled it out myself.

But I don't think it was me because I already filled it out once."
Why would you fill it out if you were the sassy? Also, lol. I promise you it wasn't me.
"Idk i was bored ig

btw still accepting responses"
If you do manage to get up a team, there's a good invitational near Nashville. If they've got a Division A team, you might try getting to know the former members to see if they want a C team... If they do, your problem then becomes coaches... Of the two, the coaches are probably gonna be harder to get...
"SoOoOo Finally got around to telling my friends...
Only a few actually cared but whatever"
Nani
"tfw you get a 101% on your chem test
*and a 100% on a geometry test*"
Tfw you wish you could get even 100% on a chem test.
Sorry to hear that. I know what it's like to have to switch schools.
Well I'm actually ecstatic so that's good
But no SciOly at that school...
Lol in my physics class (on our last midterm), the average score was around a 60 percent iirc. An 80 was considered an amazing score.
I mean, they have it through 6th grade... I COULD GO IN DISGUISE!
Through 6th grade? Does that mean 6th grade is the max you can do it in?
It's probably Div A
I honestly find it kind of funny that Indiana 2020 has had the most posts in it so far. Of all states that could have had that distinction...
I mean Indiana does have a lot of active people.

Rip New York 2020 forum
I've run my printer out of toner twice now trying to print out binder notes.
invitational on Saturday Mission Possible isn't working slightly freaking out
"Just got done with tryouts last night gotta wait till middle of next week for the team

also

they changed the lights in my first period and it hurts my eyes"
"For Science Olympiad? hmmm

ALSO WHY DOES PLAYMOBIL HAVE A MOVIE"
"I have been told many a time that when we start our season is wack
But it works"
That's even later than our tryouts lol
Also imagine having tryouts at all lol
Imagine having a team that trys
F
"hello world
i am a computer generated comment"
actually or no?
Anyone taking the SAT tomorrow?
Yes, very excited...
Me too, gl!
Thanks, you too, and good luck to everyone else taking it tomorrow!
Imagine having ur c team trying more than ur a team
Why was there a 5th section on the SAT? uh???
its not graded
Yeah, I think it’s like a section where college board can test questions to see how people do on them before putting them in the graded sections
Ok that makes more sense lol. How do you think you did pepperonipi?
Not too bad on the math, but I feel I kind of bombed the reading part... you CPScienceDude?
I think I did pretty well. Like, I feel like I might have gotten perfect on MWC (lol probably not tho). THERE WAS A STUPID COMPARING SPEECHES PART AND I WANTED TO JUST LEAVE. I probably got, like, 5 of those wrong. Math with calculator was kind of rough for me tho. There were 2 SCR questions that kind of stumped me, one was the what is the other zero, and i dont remember the other one lol. then there were 2 of the multiple choice ones i guess on. But, hey, I'm only a freshman, so I can only go up
Oh man I wish I could say I knew the acronyms you used there. Even if you don't think you did well, there's always like plenty of more times to take it, especially when you're a freshman lol
"Oops lol. MWC-Math Without Calculator
SCR-Student Created Response
But yeah. I have time lol."
Haha obviously I need to study up on my SAT terminology
Is taking the SAT early always a good thing? i think i heard somewhere that every score counts, so only take the sat when completely ready
Colleges can only see the scores you send them.
When you are invited to congratulate a new staff member, but it's in a locked thread...
"New staff member?
EDIT: Oh! Congrats pepperonipi!"
pepperonipi?
Unless a college requires you to send all of your scores like Georgetown, Yale, Penn, and all the UCs.
"CPScienceDude wrote: ↑
December 8th, 2019, 7:40 pm
New staff member?
EDIT: Oh! Congrats pepperonipi!
Thanks guys!"
PSAT scores are coming out, this should be interesting.
"Congrats pepperonipi!

hmm now there are two Boca mods"
Is something peculiar about that?
Thanks MadCow! Mhm, I think the only school that produced 2 mods... and certainly 2 current mods
Yeah, I think Boca is the only school in history to produce two staff members, whether current or past. Although certainly a diverse set of schools are represented by all people who have ever been on staff.
"Guess who is NOT moving?
This gal!"
*AIRRRRHORRRRRRRRN*
*Currently screaming inside because I got a 1400 on the psat and a perfect on the math section*
YOU ARE NOT A NUMBER!!!
Wait but you're a freshman.....
psat 8/9
When you stay up till 12:00 to study for the over-hyped bio quiz, then wake up at 4 in the morning to study more, only to find out that everyone accomplished the TWENTY QUESTIONS IN TEN MINUTES
(╯ಠ益ಠ)╯︵ ┻━┻
Is there not a invitational results compilation page this year
I've just reported a betting site advertisement that's been up since 3:25, and it's now 4:58...
The mods aren't just sitting on here the whole day y'know... (sorry this sounds a bit snappy lol -- four hours of sleep does that to you!)
I know, I was just surprised that it had been unreported for that long.
THANK. YOU. SO. MUCH. OMG.
"Currently writing depressing songs and poems to deal with my emotions
(one of them is in my sig)"
"That's really good dang

Also oof sorry to hear that you're feeling that way - my pms are open and i'm often on irc if you want to talk"
"Honestly, I came up with the poem in like 5 minutes but I'm always reading or writing so... there's that
thank you for the compliment and for caring"
I SUMMON THE SCIOLY COMMUNITY TO SHOWER POSITIVE ENERGY AND STUFF I DON'T HAVE A SYNONYM FOR ON RAYTAY
"Same - I'm always looking to make new friends and will be here if you need to talk to someone!
Also, don't give up fighting emotions - we all experience highs and lows in our life.
It will get better."
"Y'all are actually the sweetest
I don't deserve people like y'all"
"I don't normally call people out for being wrong but this is factually incorrect.

Of course you deserve good people!"
People don’t “deserve” good people or not. Everyone should have good people. No matter who they are.
Chicken wings>pizza
No.
Yes, it is. As long as you're ignoring the really weird toppings...
chicken wings are too messy
Yeah, and uh, pizza tastes better...
I find them about equal
I'm always here for y'all when you need it like my well-known discord tea spill de-stress sessions DMAH, red server, and AFC ppl know what I'm talking about lol
So Gimkit's doing a live event thing during games with at least 2 people at 1 EST/10 PST that sounds interesting but I won't be able to do it anyone interested? I started a game code is 78253
Who's gonna go see the new Star Wars movie on opening day?
My youth group is dragging me along to it on the 19th... Last time they did, it was for one of those really bad movies. Something about a infinite war with weird superheroes.
Hi
Only one of those applies to me, but yes we do... lol
I'm finally back from my little hiatus. Finals are over yay! Now to enjoy my new gaming laptop over my 6 week break...
When you have 3 89% borderline B's with 7 days left in the semester and none of the teachers round their grades
F which classes
Oof, we've got one more week before we leave school. And you have a longer break smh...
"Umaroth wrote: ↑
December 13th, 2019, 12:03 am
DatSciolyBoi wrote: ↑
December 12th, 2019, 11:38 pm
When you have 3 89% borderline B's with 7 days left in the semester and none of the teachers round their grades
F which classes
This was me like every semester of high school. Now, you have no idea what an A even is becasue yay curves and yay grade deflation whoooo"
Teachers keep trying to help us not stress about finals, then making it worse.
What am I supposed to put if I don't want to dye my hair, raytay?
^what he asked
HEY LOOK IT'S ACTUALLY SNOWING IN DECEMBER LIKE IT'S SUPOSSED TO DO
HEY LOOK FREEZING RAIN NO SCHOOL YAY NOW I'M STUCK HOME WORKING ON DENSITY LAB
"Just do other. I didn't think about people who don't want to dye there hair. Mind you, I created it during Activity Period (which is when we work on S.O.) and I got bored.

Also, guess who finally got their emotions figured out (well, for the most part)
Dis Human!"
Ur not eating good chicken wings then
TFW you find fanfiction you wrote when you were a kid... apparently I wrote 8 pages of a parody of Harry Potter set in Runescape...
It's finals rn and I was doing super well stress wise, until my brain decided to analyze hos much stress I was in and now I'm stressed out because I felt like I wasn't stressed out enough what is life ahhh (also apparently i dont like punctuation rn but thats ok)
"Lmao. Error Error. Stress levels too low. Anomaly in the system. Activating stress levels.
Stress is life lol."
"I think it had to do in part that I was talking to some friends (who are all naturally insanely smart) and they were pretty stressed about finals for classes that we share, and I guess some part of my brain began to think that there must be something I was missing because these people were worried and I wasn't.

On another note, both my roommates finished finals on the first day of the week while I'm here until the very last final that Cal has for the winter semester..."
What's winter? What's snow?
Tell me about it. I still kind of miss the snow though... it's fun to play around with lol
I FEEL THIS ALMOST EVERY SINGLE TEST I FINISH WITH TIME LEFT
"Also, what's humidity?

EDIT: LMN, I had three finals today, and I turned them in a bit early, then stressed about that fact that I did.
EDIT: It's a negative feedback system! Stress, calm down, realize you're not stressed, stress again!"
one final done, three tomorrow, 2 after break. ughhhhhh
Don't give up. You have finals after winter break?
Yep. Teachers get to choose when their class has their final, whether it be the week before break or the week after.
imagine having finals
This sounds horrible. I would hate having to deal with finals immediately after winter.
On the bright side, you have all of winter break to study
On the other hand, you have to stress over break and don't have scioly study time
.
<redacted>
I can't read the notes that I took during zero period cause I was half asleep
You can take notes half asleep?
OMG I relate to this on a personal level lmaooo
"You're jotting down notes from the lecture, you blink...

And you wake up."
I want to do Pentathlon if it ever comes back, even though I've heard its one of the worst events ever.
"Legend has it that was the first state gold Kellenberg ever got. They figured out some loophole and just like speedran the event and won. High quality stuff
Oldies but goodies maybe?? Though its status as a goodie is debatable haha"
"Books are just tattooed dead trees
Reading is literally just staring at a dead tree and hallucinating
You like the smell of books? Guess what! You love the smell of tattooed tree corpse!

EDIT: Why did I do this"
This is a big brain moment
"Well... The new Star Wars movie was definately better than the that Infinity War one my youth group went to last time. I'd say it was worth the $10, probably. The crowd cheering and clapping at various points was a nice touch. Although, I'd've rather seen The Tingler in a large theater when it came out. Especially one with the WWII deicing motors.

Edit: I looked up the name of that Infinity War movie..."
"1. Finish finals
2. Go home and play BF1 peacefully
3. Check grades and find some B's
4. Realize I should be doing something productive so that my parents won't be TOO displeased
5. Plays BF1 stressfully"
You have accomplished your goal. Welcome to the forums!
"One semester down already!

Man time flies. Especially when you're taking the final I just took because that was hard.

But hey, we pulled through!

Now for an 11 hour bus ride home tomorrow..."
"LETS FRICKING GOOOOOO!!!!

I GOT A 110% ON MY CALC 3 FINAL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"Yooooo congrats! The end of multivariable gets so wack, but it's crazy fun.
PM2017 wrote: ↑
December 20th, 2019, 10:42 pm

Now for an 11 hour bus ride home tomorrow...
I put myself through this torture to save ten dollars, and I'm still 3 hours out from home. Idk why I didnt just spend those extra ten bucks in exchange for my sanity."
"Congrats!!
PM2017 wrote: ↑
December 21st, 2019, 7:07 pm
PM2017 wrote: ↑
December 20th, 2019, 10:42 pm

Now for an 11 hour bus ride home tomorrow...
I put myself through this torture to save ten dollars, and I'm still 3 hours out from home. Idk why I didnt just spend those extra ten bucks in exchange for my sanity.
What was the other option? Flying for 10 more bucks?"
"It was a significantly shorter bus ride (mine went all the way in inland) with less stops.

If flying was 10 dollars more theres no way I'd have put myself through that bus."
Well on the bright side, now you have $10 to spend/save
side note.... my calc 3 final had a 50 point curve aka I really kinda failed
I should probably read e-mails more often. I received the e-mail saying that I was accepted to Colorado School of Mines on Friday afternoon, and I didn't see it until today...
Considering the curve, everyone else did too, so maybe it was more the test or the teacher and less of a failing on your part?
No it was more like the total amounts of points u could get on the test was 150 but the total amounts of points it was out of was 100. so if u got 50% on the test it looked like you really got a 75/100 so yeah
What's Colorado School of Mines
An engineering school in Colorado
"Hooray CONGRATULATIONS!!

It's worth noting that in college, it's kind of impossible to survive without checking your email daily (or even hourly lololol)"
It is? I guess I just have notifications on lol.
Truer words have never been spoken.
"On my very first day of classes, I missed a third of a class because the room location changed at the last moment, but I didn't know about it because I didn't have Outlook on my phone yet... I was already late because I had a class immediately before, and after a frenzied dash I arrived only to an empty classroom. Then I realized I would probably find answers in my email. Whoops

However, I have email notifications on my phone turned permanently off for the same reason."
Merry Christmas to those who celebrate!!
Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays!!
MERRY CHRYSLER, MY DUDES!!!
Merry Christmas, y'all.
"Today is National Whiner's Day!


┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌████████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████████┌┌
███┌┌┌┌█████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌
██┌┌┌███████┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌
██┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌┌████████████┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌███┌██████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌┌████┌████┌██████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌┌┌████████████┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌
┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███████┌┌
┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌████████┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌████████████┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌█┌█┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌┌█████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██████████████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██████████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌"
It's 2020! At least over here in the east...
Happy new year to all of our UTC-5:00 friends!!!
Happy New Year's. I haven't eaten since the last decade...
We're doing Genetics in Science but I've kind of already learned it because Heredity so my teacher's just telling me to do this and it's actually very interesting
Oooooooooh I'm liking this
Merry Christmas to those who celebrate!!
Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays!!
MERRY CHRYSLER, MY DUDES!!!
Merry Christmas, y'all.
"Today is National Whiner's Day!


┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌████████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████████┌┌
███┌┌┌┌█████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌
██┌┌┌███████┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌
██┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌┌████████████┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌███┌██████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌┌████┌████┌██████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌┌┌████████████┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌
┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███████┌┌
┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌████████┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌████████████┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌█┌█┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌┌█████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██████████████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██████████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌"
It's 2020! At least over here in the east...
Happy new year to all of our UTC-5:00 friends!!!
Happy New Year's. I haven't eaten since the last decade...
We're doing Genetics in Science but I've kind of already learned it because Heredity so my teacher's just telling me to do this and it's actually very interesting
Oooooooooh I'm liking this
Merry Christmas to those who celebrate!!
Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays!!
MERRY CHRYSLER, MY DUDES!!!
Merry Christmas, y'all.
"Today is National Whiner's Day!


┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌████████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████████┌┌
███┌┌┌┌█████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌
██┌┌┌███████┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌
██┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌┌████████████┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌███┌██████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌┌████┌████┌██████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌┌┌████████████┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌
┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███████┌┌
┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌████████┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌████████████┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌█┌█┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌┌█████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██████████████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██████████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌"
It's 2020! At least over here in the east...
Happy new year to all of our UTC-5:00 friends!!!
Happy New Year's. I haven't eaten since the last decade...
We're doing Genetics in Science but I've kind of already learned it because Heredity so my teacher's just telling me to do this and it's actually very interesting
Oooooooooh I'm liking this
Merry Christmas to those who celebrate!!
Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays!!
MERRY CHRYSLER, MY DUDES!!!
Merry Christmas, y'all.
"Today is National Whiner's Day!


┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌████████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████████┌┌
███┌┌┌┌█████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌
██┌┌┌███████┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌
██┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌┌████████████┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌███┌██████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌┌████┌████┌██████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌┌┌████████████┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌
┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███████┌┌
┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌████████┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌████████████┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌█┌█┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌┌█████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██████████████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██████████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌"
It's 2020! At least over here in the east...
Happy new year to all of our UTC-5:00 friends!!!
Happy New Year's. I haven't eaten since the last decade...
We're doing Genetics in Science but I've kind of already learned it because Heredity so my teacher's just telling me to do this and it's actually very interesting
Oooooooooh I'm liking this
Merry Christmas to those who celebrate!!
Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays!!
MERRY CHRYSLER, MY DUDES!!!
Merry Christmas, y'all.
"Today is National Whiner's Day!


┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌████████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████████┌┌
███┌┌┌┌█████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌
██┌┌┌███████┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌
██┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌┌████████████┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌███┌██████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌┌████┌████┌██████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌┌┌████████████┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌
┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███████┌┌
┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌████████┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌████████████┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌█┌█┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌┌█████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██████████████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██████████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌"
It's 2020! At least over here in the east...
Happy new year to all of our UTC-5:00 friends!!!
Happy New Year's. I haven't eaten since the last decade...
We're doing Genetics in Science but I've kind of already learned it because Heredity so my teacher's just telling me to do this and it's actually very interesting
Oooooooooh I'm liking this
Merry Christmas to those who celebrate!!
Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays!!
MERRY CHRYSLER, MY DUDES!!!
Merry Christmas, y'all.
"Today is National Whiner's Day!


┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌████████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████████┌┌
███┌┌┌┌█████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌
██┌┌┌███████┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌
██┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌┌████████████┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌███┌██████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌┌████┌████┌██████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌┌┌████████████┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌
┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███████┌┌
┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌████████┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌████████████┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌█┌█┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌┌█████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██████████████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██████████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌"
It's 2020! At least over here in the east...
Happy new year to all of our UTC-5:00 friends!!!
Happy New Year's. I haven't eaten since the last decade...
We're doing Genetics in Science but I've kind of already learned it because Heredity so my teacher's just telling me to do this and it's actually very interesting
Oooooooooh I'm liking this
Merry Christmas to those who celebrate!!
Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays!!
MERRY CHRYSLER, MY DUDES!!!
Merry Christmas, y'all.
"Today is National Whiner's Day!


┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌████████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████████┌┌
███┌┌┌┌█████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌
██┌┌┌███████┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌
██┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌┌████████████┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌███┌██████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌┌████┌████┌██████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌┌┌████████████┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌
┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███████┌┌
┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌████████┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌████████████┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌█┌█┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌┌█████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██████████████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██████████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌"
It's 2020! At least over here in the east...
Happy new year to all of our UTC-5:00 friends!!!
Happy New Year's. I haven't eaten since the last decade...
We're doing Genetics in Science but I've kind of already learned it because Heredity so my teacher's just telling me to do this and it's actually very interesting
Oooooooooh I'm liking this
Merry Christmas to those who celebrate!!
Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays!!
MERRY CHRYSLER, MY DUDES!!!
Merry Christmas, y'all.
"Today is National Whiner's Day!


┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌████████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████████┌┌
███┌┌┌┌█████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌
██┌┌┌███████┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌
██┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌┌████████████┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌███┌██████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌┌████┌████┌██████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌┌┌████████████┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌
┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███████┌┌
┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌████████┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌████████████┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌█┌█┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌┌█████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██████████████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██████████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌"
It's 2020! At least over here in the east...
Happy new year to all of our UTC-5:00 friends!!!
Happy New Year's. I haven't eaten since the last decade...
We're doing Genetics in Science but I've kind of already learned it because Heredity so my teacher's just telling me to do this and it's actually very interesting
Oooooooooh I'm liking this
Merry Christmas to those who celebrate!!
Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays!!
MERRY CHRYSLER, MY DUDES!!!
Merry Christmas, y'all.
"Today is National Whiner's Day!


┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌████████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████████┌┌
███┌┌┌┌█████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌
██┌┌┌███████┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌
██┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌┌████████████┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌███┌██████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌┌████┌████┌██████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌┌┌████████████┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌
┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███████┌┌
┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌████████┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌████████████┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌█┌█┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌┌█████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██████████████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██████████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌"
It's 2020! At least over here in the east...
Happy new year to all of our UTC-5:00 friends!!!
Happy New Year's. I haven't eaten since the last decade...
We're doing Genetics in Science but I've kind of already learned it because Heredity so my teacher's just telling me to do this and it's actually very interesting
Oooooooooh I'm liking this
Merry Christmas to those who celebrate!!
Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays!!
MERRY CHRYSLER, MY DUDES!!!
Merry Christmas, y'all.
"Today is National Whiner's Day!


┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌████████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████████┌┌
███┌┌┌┌█████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌
██┌┌┌███████┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌
██┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌┌████████████┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌███┌██████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌┌████┌████┌██████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌┌┌████████████┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌
┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███████┌┌
┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌████████┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌████████████┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌█┌█┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌┌█████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██████████████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██████████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌"
It's 2020! At least over here in the east...
Happy new year to all of our UTC-5:00 friends!!!
Happy New Year's. I haven't eaten since the last decade...
We're doing Genetics in Science but I've kind of already learned it because Heredity so my teacher's just telling me to do this and it's actually very interesting
Oooooooooh I'm liking this
Merry Christmas to those who celebrate!!
Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays!!
MERRY CHRYSLER, MY DUDES!!!
Merry Christmas, y'all.
"Today is National Whiner's Day!


┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌████████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████████┌┌
███┌┌┌┌█████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌
██┌┌┌███████┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌
██┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌┌████████████┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌███┌██████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌┌████┌████┌██████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌┌┌████████████┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌
┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███████┌┌
┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌████████┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌████████████┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌█┌█┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌┌█████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██████████████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██████████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌"
It's 2020! At least over here in the east...
Happy new year to all of our UTC-5:00 friends!!!
Happy New Year's. I haven't eaten since the last decade...
We're doing Genetics in Science but I've kind of already learned it because Heredity so my teacher's just telling me to do this and it's actually very interesting
Oooooooooh I'm liking this
Merry Christmas to those who celebrate!!
Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays!!
MERRY CHRYSLER, MY DUDES!!!
Merry Christmas, y'all.
"Today is National Whiner's Day!


┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌████████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████████┌┌
███┌┌┌┌█████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌
██┌┌┌███████┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌
██┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌┌████████████┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌███┌██████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌┌████┌████┌██████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌┌┌████████████┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌
┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███████┌┌
┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌████████┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌████████████┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌█┌█┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌┌█████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██████████████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██████████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌"
It's 2020! At least over here in the east...
Happy new year to all of our UTC-5:00 friends!!!
Happy New Year's. I haven't eaten since the last decade...
We're doing Genetics in Science but I've kind of already learned it because Heredity so my teacher's just telling me to do this and it's actually very interesting
Oooooooooh I'm liking this
Merry Christmas to those who celebrate!!
Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays!!
MERRY CHRYSLER, MY DUDES!!!
Merry Christmas, y'all.
"Today is National Whiner's Day!


┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌████████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████████┌┌
███┌┌┌┌█████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌
██┌┌┌███████┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌
██┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌┌████████████┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌███┌██████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌┌████┌████┌██████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌┌┌████████████┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌
┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███████┌┌
┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌████████┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌████████████┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌█┌█┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌┌█████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██████████████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██████████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌"
It's 2020! At least over here in the east...
Happy new year to all of our UTC-5:00 friends!!!
Happy New Year's. I haven't eaten since the last decade...
We're doing Genetics in Science but I've kind of already learned it because Heredity so my teacher's just telling me to do this and it's actually very interesting
Oooooooooh I'm liking this
Merry Christmas to those who celebrate!!
Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays!!
MERRY CHRYSLER, MY DUDES!!!
Merry Christmas, y'all.
"Today is National Whiner's Day!


┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌████████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████████┌┌
███┌┌┌┌█████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌
██┌┌┌███████┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌
██┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌┌████████████┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌███┌██████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌┌████┌████┌██████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌┌┌████████████┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌
┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███████┌┌
┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌████████┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌████████████┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌█┌█┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌┌█████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██████████████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██████████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌"
It's 2020! At least over here in the east...
Happy new year to all of our UTC-5:00 friends!!!
Happy New Year's. I haven't eaten since the last decade...
We're doing Genetics in Science but I've kind of already learned it because Heredity so my teacher's just telling me to do this and it's actually very interesting
Oooooooooh I'm liking this
Merry Christmas to those who celebrate!!
Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays!!
MERRY CHRYSLER, MY DUDES!!!
Merry Christmas, y'all.
"Today is National Whiner's Day!


┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌████████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████████┌┌
███┌┌┌┌█████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌
██┌┌┌███████┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌
██┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌┌████████████┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌███┌██████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌┌████┌████┌██████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌┌┌████████████┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌
┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███████┌┌
┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌████████┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌████████████┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌█┌█┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌┌█████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██████████████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██████████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌"
It's 2020! At least over here in the east...
Happy new year to all of our UTC-5:00 friends!!!
Happy New Year's. I haven't eaten since the last decade...
We're doing Genetics in Science but I've kind of already learned it because Heredity so my teacher's just telling me to do this and it's actually very interesting
Oooooooooh I'm liking this
Merry Christmas to those who celebrate!!
Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays!!
MERRY CHRYSLER, MY DUDES!!!
Merry Christmas, y'all.
"Today is National Whiner's Day!


┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌████████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████████┌┌
███┌┌┌┌█████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌
██┌┌┌███████┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌
██┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌┌████████████┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌███┌██████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌┌████┌████┌██████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌┌┌████████████┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌
┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███████┌┌
┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌████████┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌████████████┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌█┌█┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌┌█████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██████████████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██████████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌"
It's 2020! At least over here in the east...
Happy new year to all of our UTC-5:00 friends!!!
Happy New Year's. I haven't eaten since the last decade...
We're doing Genetics in Science but I've kind of already learned it because Heredity so my teacher's just telling me to do this and it's actually very interesting
Oooooooooh I'm liking this
Merry Christmas to those who celebrate!!
Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays!!
MERRY CHRYSLER, MY DUDES!!!
Merry Christmas, y'all.
"Today is National Whiner's Day!


┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌████████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████████┌┌
███┌┌┌┌█████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌
██┌┌┌███████┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌
██┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌┌████████████┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌███┌██████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌┌████┌████┌██████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌┌┌████████████┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌
┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███████┌┌
┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌████████┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌████████████┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌█┌█┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌┌█████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██████████████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██████████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌"
It's 2020! At least over here in the east...
Happy new year to all of our UTC-5:00 friends!!!
Happy New Year's. I haven't eaten since the last decade...
We're doing Genetics in Science but I've kind of already learned it because Heredity so my teacher's just telling me to do this and it's actually very interesting
Oooooooooh I'm liking this
Merry Christmas to those who celebrate!!
Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays!!
MERRY CHRYSLER, MY DUDES!!!
Merry Christmas, y'all.
"Today is National Whiner's Day!


┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌████████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████████┌┌
███┌┌┌┌█████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌
██┌┌┌███████┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌
██┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌┌████████████┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌███┌██████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌┌████┌████┌██████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌┌┌████████████┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌
┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███████┌┌
┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌████████┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌████████████┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌█┌█┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌┌█████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██████████████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██████████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌"
It's 2020! At least over here in the east...
Happy new year to all of our UTC-5:00 friends!!!
Happy New Year's. I haven't eaten since the last decade...
We're doing Genetics in Science but I've kind of already learned it because Heredity so my teacher's just telling me to do this and it's actually very interesting
Oooooooooh I'm liking this
Merry Christmas to those who celebrate!!
Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays!!
MERRY CHRYSLER, MY DUDES!!!
Merry Christmas, y'all.
"Today is National Whiner's Day!


┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌████████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████████┌┌
███┌┌┌┌█████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌
██┌┌┌███████┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌
██┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌┌████████████┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌███┌██████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌┌████┌████┌██████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌┌┌████████████┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌
┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███████┌┌
┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌████████┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌████████████┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌█┌█┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌┌█████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██████████████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██████████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌"
It's 2020! At least over here in the east...
Happy new year to all of our UTC-5:00 friends!!!
Happy New Year's. I haven't eaten since the last decade...
We're doing Genetics in Science but I've kind of already learned it because Heredity so my teacher's just telling me to do this and it's actually very interesting
Oooooooooh I'm liking this
Merry Christmas to those who celebrate!!
Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays!!
MERRY CHRYSLER, MY DUDES!!!
Merry Christmas, y'all.
"Today is National Whiner's Day!


┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌████████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████████┌┌
███┌┌┌┌█████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌
██┌┌┌███████┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌
██┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌┌████████████┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌███┌██████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌┌████┌████┌██████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌┌┌████████████┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌
┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███████┌┌
┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌████████┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌████████████┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌█┌█┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌┌█████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██████████████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██████████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌"
It's 2020! At least over here in the east...
Happy new year to all of our UTC-5:00 friends!!!
Happy New Year's. I haven't eaten since the last decade...
We're doing Genetics in Science but I've kind of already learned it because Heredity so my teacher's just telling me to do this and it's actually very interesting
Oooooooooh I'm liking this
Merry Christmas to those who celebrate!!
Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays!!
MERRY CHRYSLER, MY DUDES!!!
Merry Christmas, y'all.
"Today is National Whiner's Day!


┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌████████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████████┌┌
███┌┌┌┌█████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌
██┌┌┌███████┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌
██┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌┌████████████┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌███┌██████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌┌████┌████┌██████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌┌┌████████████┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌
┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███████┌┌
┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌████████┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌████████████┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌█┌█┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌┌█████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██████████████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██████████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌"
It's 2020! At least over here in the east...
Happy new year to all of our UTC-5:00 friends!!!
Happy New Year's. I haven't eaten since the last decade...
We're doing Genetics in Science but I've kind of already learned it because Heredity so my teacher's just telling me to do this and it's actually very interesting
Oooooooooh I'm liking this
Merry Christmas to those who celebrate!!
Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays!!
MERRY CHRYSLER, MY DUDES!!!
Merry Christmas, y'all.
"Today is National Whiner's Day!


┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌████████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████████┌┌
███┌┌┌┌█████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌
██┌┌┌███████┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌
██┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌┌████████████┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌███┌██████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌┌████┌████┌██████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌┌┌████████████┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌
┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███████┌┌
┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌████████┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌████████████┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌█┌█┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌┌█████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██████████████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██████████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌"
It's 2020! At least over here in the east...
Happy new year to all of our UTC-5:00 friends!!!
Happy New Year's. I haven't eaten since the last decade...
We're doing Genetics in Science but I've kind of already learned it because Heredity so my teacher's just telling me to do this and it's actually very interesting
Oooooooooh I'm liking this
Merry Christmas to those who celebrate!!
Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays!!
MERRY CHRYSLER, MY DUDES!!!
Merry Christmas, y'all.
"Today is National Whiner's Day!


┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌████████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████████┌┌
███┌┌┌┌█████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌
██┌┌┌███████┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌
██┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌┌████████████┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌███┌██████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌┌████┌████┌██████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌┌┌████████████┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌
┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███████┌┌
┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌████████┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌████████████┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌█┌█┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌┌█████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██████████████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██████████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌"
It's 2020! At least over here in the east...
Happy new year to all of our UTC-5:00 friends!!!
Happy New Year's. I haven't eaten since the last decade...
We're doing Genetics in Science but I've kind of already learned it because Heredity so my teacher's just telling me to do this and it's actually very interesting
Oooooooooh I'm liking this
Merry Christmas to those who celebrate!!
Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays!!
MERRY CHRYSLER, MY DUDES!!!
Merry Christmas, y'all.
"Today is National Whiner's Day!


┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌████████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████████┌┌
███┌┌┌┌█████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌
██┌┌┌███████┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌
██┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌┌████████████┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌███┌██████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌┌████┌████┌██████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌┌┌████████████┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌
┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███████┌┌
┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌████████┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌████████████┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌█┌█┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌┌█████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██████████████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██████████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌"
It's 2020! At least over here in the east...
Happy new year to all of our UTC-5:00 friends!!!
Happy New Year's. I haven't eaten since the last decade...
We're doing Genetics in Science but I've kind of already learned it because Heredity so my teacher's just telling me to do this and it's actually very interesting
Oooooooooh I'm liking this
Merry Christmas to those who celebrate!!
Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays!!
MERRY CHRYSLER, MY DUDES!!!
Merry Christmas, y'all.
"Today is National Whiner's Day!


┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌████████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████████┌┌
███┌┌┌┌█████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌
██┌┌┌███████┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌
██┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌┌████████████┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌███┌██████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌┌████┌████┌██████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌┌┌████████████┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌
┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███████┌┌
┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌████████┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌████████████┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌█┌█┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌┌█████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██████████████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██████████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌"
It's 2020! At least over here in the east...
Happy new year to all of our UTC-5:00 friends!!!
Happy New Year's. I haven't eaten since the last decade...
We're doing Genetics in Science but I've kind of already learned it because Heredity so my teacher's just telling me to do this and it's actually very interesting
Oooooooooh I'm liking this
Merry Christmas to those who celebrate!!
Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays!!
MERRY CHRYSLER, MY DUDES!!!
Merry Christmas, y'all.
"Today is National Whiner's Day!


┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌████████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████████┌┌
███┌┌┌┌█████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌
██┌┌┌███████┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌
██┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌┌████████████┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌███┌██████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌┌████┌████┌██████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌┌┌████████████┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌
┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███████┌┌
┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌████████┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌████████████┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌█┌█┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌┌█████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██████████████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██████████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌"
It's 2020! At least over here in the east...
Happy new year to all of our UTC-5:00 friends!!!
Happy New Year's. I haven't eaten since the last decade...
We're doing Genetics in Science but I've kind of already learned it because Heredity so my teacher's just telling me to do this and it's actually very interesting
Oooooooooh I'm liking this
Merry Christmas to those who celebrate!!
Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays!!
MERRY CHRYSLER, MY DUDES!!!
Merry Christmas, y'all.
"Today is National Whiner's Day!


┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌████████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████████┌┌
███┌┌┌┌█████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌
██┌┌┌███████┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌
██┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌┌████████████┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌███┌██████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌┌████┌████┌██████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌┌┌████████████┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌
┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███████┌┌
┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌████████┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌████████████┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌█┌█┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌┌█████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██████████████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██████████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌"
It's 2020! At least over here in the east...
Happy new year to all of our UTC-5:00 friends!!!
Happy New Year's. I haven't eaten since the last decade...
We're doing Genetics in Science but I've kind of already learned it because Heredity so my teacher's just telling me to do this and it's actually very interesting
Oooooooooh I'm liking this
Merry Christmas to those who celebrate!!
Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays!!
MERRY CHRYSLER, MY DUDES!!!
Merry Christmas, y'all.
"Today is National Whiner's Day!


┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌████████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████████┌┌
███┌┌┌┌█████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌
██┌┌┌███████┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌
██┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌┌████████████┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌███┌██████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌┌████┌████┌██████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌┌┌████████████┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌
┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███████┌┌
┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌████████┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌████████████┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌█┌█┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌┌█████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██████████████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██████████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌"
It's 2020! At least over here in the east...
Happy new year to all of our UTC-5:00 friends!!!
Happy New Year's. I haven't eaten since the last decade...
We're doing Genetics in Science but I've kind of already learned it because Heredity so my teacher's just telling me to do this and it's actually very interesting
Oooooooooh I'm liking this
Merry Christmas to those who celebrate!!
Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays!!
MERRY CHRYSLER, MY DUDES!!!
Merry Christmas, y'all.
"Today is National Whiner's Day!


┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌████████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████████┌┌
███┌┌┌┌█████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌
██┌┌┌███████┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌
██┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌┌████████████┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌███┌██████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌┌████┌████┌██████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌┌┌████████████┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌
┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███████┌┌
┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌████████┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌████████████┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌█┌█┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌┌█████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██████████████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██████████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌"
It's 2020! At least over here in the east...
Happy new year to all of our UTC-5:00 friends!!!
Happy New Year's. I haven't eaten since the last decade...
We're doing Genetics in Science but I've kind of already learned it because Heredity so my teacher's just telling me to do this and it's actually very interesting
Oooooooooh I'm liking this
Merry Christmas to those who celebrate!!
Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays!!
MERRY CHRYSLER, MY DUDES!!!
Merry Christmas, y'all.
"Today is National Whiner's Day!


┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌████████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████████┌┌
███┌┌┌┌█████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌
██┌┌┌███████┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌
██┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌┌████████████┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌███┌██████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌┌████┌████┌██████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌┌┌████████████┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌
┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███████┌┌
┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌████████┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌████████████┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌█┌█┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌┌█████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██████████████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██████████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌"
It's 2020! At least over here in the east...
Happy new year to all of our UTC-5:00 friends!!!
Happy New Year's. I haven't eaten since the last decade...
We're doing Genetics in Science but I've kind of already learned it because Heredity so my teacher's just telling me to do this and it's actually very interesting
Oooooooooh I'm liking this
Merry Christmas to those who celebrate!!
Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays!!
MERRY CHRYSLER, MY DUDES!!!
Merry Christmas, y'all.
"Today is National Whiner's Day!


┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌████████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████████┌┌
███┌┌┌┌█████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌
██┌┌┌███████┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌
██┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌┌████████████┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌███┌██████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌┌████┌████┌██████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌┌┌████████████┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌
┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███████┌┌
┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌████████┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌████████████┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌█┌█┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌┌█████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██████████████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██████████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌"
It's 2020! At least over here in the east...
Happy new year to all of our UTC-5:00 friends!!!
Happy New Year's. I haven't eaten since the last decade...
We're doing Genetics in Science but I've kind of already learned it because Heredity so my teacher's just telling me to do this and it's actually very interesting
Oooooooooh I'm liking this
Merry Christmas to those who celebrate!!
Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays!!
MERRY CHRYSLER, MY DUDES!!!
Merry Christmas, y'all.
"Today is National Whiner's Day!


┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌████████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████████┌┌
███┌┌┌┌█████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌
██┌┌┌███████┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌
██┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌┌████████████┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌███┌██████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌┌████┌████┌██████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌┌┌████████████┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌
┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███████┌┌
┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌████████┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌████████████┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌█┌█┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌┌█████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██████████████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██████████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌"
It's 2020! At least over here in the east...
Happy new year to all of our UTC-5:00 friends!!!
Happy New Year's. I haven't eaten since the last decade...
We're doing Genetics in Science but I've kind of already learned it because Heredity so my teacher's just telling me to do this and it's actually very interesting
Oooooooooh I'm liking this
Merry Christmas to those who celebrate!!
Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays!!
MERRY CHRYSLER, MY DUDES!!!
Merry Christmas, y'all.
"Today is National Whiner's Day!


┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌████████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████████┌┌
███┌┌┌┌█████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌
██┌┌┌███████┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌
██┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌┌████████████┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌███┌██████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌┌████┌████┌██████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌┌┌████████████┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌
┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███████┌┌
┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌████████┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌████████████┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌█┌█┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌┌█████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██████████████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██████████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌"
It's 2020! At least over here in the east...
Happy new year to all of our UTC-5:00 friends!!!
Happy New Year's. I haven't eaten since the last decade...
We're doing Genetics in Science but I've kind of already learned it because Heredity so my teacher's just telling me to do this and it's actually very interesting
Oooooooooh I'm liking this
Merry Christmas to those who celebrate!!
Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays!!
MERRY CHRYSLER, MY DUDES!!!
Merry Christmas, y'all.
"Today is National Whiner's Day!


┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌████████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████████┌┌
███┌┌┌┌█████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌
██┌┌┌███████┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌
██┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌┌████████████┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌███┌██████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌┌████┌████┌██████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌┌┌████████████┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌
┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███████┌┌
┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌████████┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌████████████┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌█┌█┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌┌█████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██████████████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██████████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌"
It's 2020! At least over here in the east...
Happy new year to all of our UTC-5:00 friends!!!
Happy New Year's. I haven't eaten since the last decade...
We're doing Genetics in Science but I've kind of already learned it because Heredity so my teacher's just telling me to do this and it's actually very interesting
Oooooooooh I'm liking this
No you're not, you're the resident genius freshman
"At least you have partners for your events...

As for the plane, I broke the tail off of my plane after the time started at State last year... Superglue is your friend."
Tfw nobody cares about the RI state thread
it really do be like that sometimes
The trick is to go to a school that's not that invested in Science Olympiad and everyone forgets you.
hi, I'm new here, glad to be here)
Welcome!
Welcome to the forums!
Welcome!
Welcome!
So I learned that even if we can go to state, we might not because the headmaster is a killjoy
Grab the pitchforks! Assemble the parental units! This is a war on Science!
anyone have any nice scioly memes to give me motivation rn
Yeah, every team has that one annoying person. Don't you also find it annoying that you've been doing this for years and that final year you think "This is it, this year, we're going to nationals." and there's this one newbie and he also gets to go to Nationals but didn't contribute one bit? You probably can't relate because you've consistently gone to nationals.
i was gonna read this cuz im bored, but then i realized it's 2000+ pages
This is Umaroth's and my first year competing for the Troy team. Last year he helped coach and competed for Kraemer SciOly, helping them qualify for nats for the first time. I have never been to nats before.
"wait a second you made the team at troy as a freshman? :0
lol no wonder umaroth always says your a scioly god"
"Not knowing math is a big sine of a problem.
=)"
No, just really lucky. Not as many people wanted to do my events.
14 other people tried out for Orni, all but 4 of them were upperclassmen, and you beat them all
Ugh we love when a class that normally doesn't give more than 1 assignment a week gives 3 due the same day. Especially when that day happens to be the day before you have two back-to-back midterms. Can someone remind me again why we humans do this to ourselves?
For the sake of knowledge in itself, to get a better job, to find meaning in your life, to give yourself a bridge to independent life, to find like-minded peers with similar interests... Hang on and don't give up!
Good question.
"I've certainly thought about this a good number of times. Really these days I just think of that sorta stuff as an act of pushing and growing yourself. Even if you don't get that A (hopefully you do!) because you didn't stay up all night grinding for that one exam, you will have likely learned a lot about yourself from just taking the course and interacting with others. After doing this a repeated number of times, you will have likely shaped and changed yourself around the pushing school's constantly been doing to you.

Additionally: If life was comfortable, it'd be realllllyyyy boring and pointless. Appreciate the uncomfortability and the time spent out of your comfort zone. Moments out of your comfort zone can be some of the best moments in your life, and some of them might change you forever - you just never know. So maybe there's another reason to enjoy pushing yourself.

Also, remember that you are still much better off than most of the world (and even the US, to some extent) and that you are very lucky to be in the position you are able to be in. I'm not one to really say ""oh, others want to be where you are, so appreciate it,"" but just remember that no matter what happens to you, you are already in a very good place. Getting a B, C, or really even D in a course you at least tried in is much more of a testament to your character than simply opting out of college because it seems too hard. You at least tried.

Also, remember that it's totally normal to ask yourself why you are doing what you are doing to yourself or why any of this matters. But remember that once you are finished with whatever project you are working on, you will likely be able to look back and go, wow, so there's the journey. In the face of long to-do lists, long nights, and lots of studying it can certainly seem hard to see the big picture. But keep going. Hopefully one day, you will be able to look back and admire at all of the work you did to get in the position you will be in. This happened to me when I was really trying to get exalted/become a wikimod, especially towards the fall of 2019. There were many days when I simply didn't want to edit the wiki or said ""I don't really see the point in doing this anymore."" However, I stuck with it, knowing that one day, my work would be recognized with a special rank on this site. And today, I'm very thankful that I stuck with the work I was doing because of the position it has granted me today. Now, I can enjoy special permissions I've always wanted on the wiki, getting a special rank of recognition on the site, and getting to meet some of the other staff and hang out with them in the staff group chat.

So, yeah, those are my 2AM thoughts. Just try to stick with it. It will pay off."
"So a response to what people sent in response to my earlier statement (and I really should be doing work rn but screw it I've been doing that all day)

Lol.
SilverBreeze wrote: ↑
February 24th, 2020, 8:08 pm

For the sake of knowledge in itself, to get a better job, to find meaning in your life, to give yourself a bridge to independent life, to find like-minded peers with similar interests... Hang on and don't give up!
Thanks! And absolutely, the pursuit of knowledge is such a beautiful thing.
pepperonipi wrote: ↑
February 24th, 2020, 11:14 pm

I've certainly thought about this a good number of times. Really these days I just think of that sorta stuff as an act of pushing and growing yourself. Even if you don't get that A (hopefully you do!) because you didn't stay up all night grinding for that one exam, you will have likely learned a lot about yourself from just taking the course and interacting with others. After doing this a repeated number of times, you will have likely shaped and changed yourself around the pushing school's constantly been doing to you.

Additionally: If life was comfortable, it'd be realllllyyyy boring and pointless. Appreciate the uncomfortability and the time spent out of your comfort zone. Moments out of your comfort zone can be some of the best moments in your life, and some of them might change you forever - you just never know. So maybe there's another reason to enjoy pushing yourself.

Also, remember that you are still much better off than most of the world (and even the US, to some extent) and that you are very lucky to be in the position you are able to be in. I'm not one to really say ""oh, others want to be where you are, so appreciate it,"" but just remember that no matter what happens to you, you are already in a very good place. Getting a B, C, or really even D in a course you at least tried in is much more of a testament to your character than simply opting out of college because it seems too hard. You at least tried.

Also, remember that it's totally normal to ask yourself why you are doing what you are doing to yourself or why any of this matters. But remember that once you are finished with whatever project you are working on, you will likely be able to look back and go, wow, so there's the journey. In the face of long to-do lists, long nights, and lots of studying it can certainly seem hard to see the big picture. But keep going. Hopefully one day, you will be able to look back and admire at all of the work you did to get in the position you will be in. This happened to me when I was really trying to get exalted/become a wikimod, especially towards the fall of 2019. There were many days when I simply didn't want to edit the wiki or said ""I don't really see the point in doing this anymore."" However, I stuck with it, knowing that one day, my work would be recognized with a special rank on this site. And today, I'm very thankful that I stuck with the work I was doing because of the position it has granted me today. Now, I can enjoy special permissions I've always wanted on the wiki, getting a special rank of recognition on the site, and getting to meet some of the other staff and hang out with them in the staff group chat.

So, yeah, those are my 2AM thoughts. Just try to stick with it. It will pay off.
I fully agree with everything you said here. (especially the whole thing about comfort zones. It is undoubtedly true that so many of my favorite memories have come from outside my comfort zone and I don't envy those who don't ever leave that bubble).

I don't mean to sound ungrateful, if I did. (I don't think that is what you're implying here in any case). I think it was really just an off-hand comment that was supposed to be mildly funny.

I think it's also worth saying that while I am often quite stressed, and I absolutely loving my time here and getting the chance to learn from such amazing professors, meet the incredibly smart peers I have at Cal, and just generally spending time on this phenomenal campus.

I don't think it will pay off. I think every bit of effort we put in to anything is payment in and of itself. Sounds cliche, but while it doesn't seem like it, it's not about the end goal, it's about the journey.

Also, to answer my own question, we do it because it hard. We do it for the challenge. We do it for the growth. We do it because we want to.
Forever onwards! (fist pump)"
Because we want stuff even if it hurts us or others around us.
Medals in science olympiad.........
">_>
<_<
*Grabs medal*"
That fantastic feeling of knowing the material being taught before everyone else does because you do Science Olympiad and we’re thrown on the event covering said material three days before regionals
"Yeah, this sounds like basically it. I really do like how you said that it's not like it will pay off some time in the future, but it's paying off now. I never really thought of life like that and thought of a lot of things as ""meh, it'll pay off one day"" without thinking of all of the growth that that experience has caused me and the growth it has unleashed within me. I really hope I can start to think of more things like this. Seriously, thanks PM!

I also like how you're very positive about all of this. I feel like a lot of people would see your place as a super stressful environment filled with lots of rising and grinding each day, when instead you're talking about how even though it's difficult, your continuing to push through it and enjoying your experiences along the way. It's a good, healthy way to look at it. Thanks for sharing your thoughts."
"While I agree with y'all in a lot of what's been said, I wanna cause a bit of chaos so:

But is all the work really worth it?
Work leads to more work.
All this ""capability"" and knowledge accumulated, but we're all human, we all grow old and we all still die the same - no amount of hard work or type of knowledge can change that or should change that.
It's a good thing to work hard, but as a check to the easy tendency overwork, we evaluate: we look back on this in 30 years, will all this work have really been worth it in the grand scheme of things?
Or was the something else we were supposed to be pursuing?"
"I mean, what we're all basically trying to achieve in the long run of life is happiness, right? And that makes sense to pursue, no? I believe that's what we're all pursuing. Sure, that doesn't mean we're all trying to be happy every minute of our lives, but it just means that we're trying to have a pretty happy life.

Now, in regards to many of us in the SciOly community (and other communities) (along with just most kids these days), the message is that if we work hard, take the hardest classes, get the best grades, do some great things in extracirriculars, then we have a great shot at a good, tough college and then we can get us a great degree that will land us some great well-paying job that we can use to support ourselves, and boom: happy life. That message is pretty universally told to most teenagers these days. However, a few of us (or a lot of us) are starting to realize what life is really like if we try to follow this. It's certainly not easy, and amounts to a lot of work. That leads to some of us (like you, JoeyC) asking questions like the one you just asked, which regards the point of this all being worth it. After all, when you have a very long to-do list and are constantly stressed, it's totally fair to ask yourself if what you're doing is even worth it in the grand scheme of things.

So is it worth it, will following this path lead to happiness? I don't know. I can't answer that for you. Some people get happy by amassing giant amounts of money through manipulation of others, while others achieve happiness by devoting tons of hours to various nonprofit projects, helping people where they get nothing back. However, I'm going to assume you're an average person, and then I believe that it comes down to mindset, along with your goals. I know some of my peers who call school ""stupid, useless, and a waste of their time."" In that case, maybe doing all of this work to get into a hard college isn't the best path for you. However, for those with a different mindset, you may find that it could be a great path for you, where you're constantly challenging yourself and pushing yourself beyond your own boundaries in order to cause yourself to grow (we were just discussing this, as you probably saw).

So yeah, it's up to you. For some, it works well, others not so much. It all depends on what happiness means to you (money? a good job? healthy family? adventurous life?) and your mindset. For me, as I said earlier, I like this ""pushing myself"" mindset that comes with doing a lot of what is expected of us students these days in order to help myself grow. Am I some perfect student who has never failed when trying to be this person? No, actually QUITE the opposite. But, although I've had some failure, I've certainly had some successes, too. It's all part of pushing myself.

The main thing you can do, no matter what position you're in, to make your days a little better, is just look at things in a positive life. Don't ever talk down to yourself (even when joking), try to put others down, or be a pessimist. (It can certainly be hard sometimes.) That only equates to you being less happy in your own life."
"I don't know about getting happy about amassing giant amounts of money through manipulation of others; money itself doesn't appease, or a lot of people we know, both in person and in popular culture would be much happier. (also manipulating others will come back to bite them in one way or another).

On top of that, to debunk a popular myth (not directly mentioned or even implied by anyone here), neither will a girl/boyfriend. It's a relationship that requires much investment to work properly, not something that will ""complete"" someone.

A basic summary of Pepperonipi's monologue: Do what you love.
And as a side note by me: (or find and commit heavily to God - or whatever deity or noble cause you believe in)

One thing I respectfully disagree with in the above monologue is that it's okay to pessimistic. Sometimes we have rough days or just aren't up for another Monday. But if you commit to what you love, things will soon turn upwards (so long as what you're pursuing isn't something like money or status)."
"sigh
i've been sick for over a month (according to my parents, I had pneumonia and bronchitis) imo I had very bad coughing. I was practically having a coughing fit at jt tbh every 5 seconds and then accidentally infected my partners. I have been studying as much as I possibly can without my parents forcing me to go to sleep and i've been getting trash headaches for four days in a row, (Sat, Sun, Mon, Tues)

Should I take a break?
I mean neither of my partners are even working as hard as they should be working on the events with me. I have so much to do for the team (writing tests, giving motivation and support, and learning) and try to persuade all of our teammates that we'll be just as good next year despite the fact that two-three of the most op people on our team are leaving us for the hs team. They are scared, but i don't think they realize that i'm carrying them cause they've never seen what happens in the room that i'm in...

sorry, i'm just a really indecisive person. I fear that if I do something wrong or do nothing, it's my fault for that happening. There is nothing that I can do to change what has happened in the past sigh
i feel like crying rn
I'm also very concerned for my friends in irl (not the ones from scioly). One of them is anorexic and one of them isn't there anymore. i can't accept this change of people that i really care about.
Oops I put it in the wrong words, my bad. My friend is getting sick and doesn't want to be near us. It's not drama though..."
"You should definitely take a break. Your immune system isn’t going to recover if you don’t, and the headaches show that your body is being pushed too far.

The greatest failure of the saying “hard work and perseverance will let you achieve your goals” is that (in some cases) it can’t.

This is one of those circumstances where it can’t. To ensure your whole team succeeds, no one person working more or less alone can do so - no matter how hard they try. No one person is responsible for the actions of others on their team because they never have complete control over them - they’re people.

The best way to help your team would probably be to show them how much work you’ve put in - by trying to motivate them to study, not by doing it for them.

On the other hand, I’m very sorry to hear about what has happened with your friends. I’ll pray about that."
"On second note, I talked to two team members today and they're worried again...
We were talking about OP people on our team and how they're going to be leaving next year.
We also talked about the one member of our state team that we dislike a lot. We all really hate this one member of our team that's going to be on the state team cause he literally keeps insulting all of us. When I used to do Mission Possible he was like ""your mission possible is bad"" but then he didn't even build his own, his dad did and now I have a better sense of physics and am motivated enough to drive myself to doing physics events next year.

No matter how many times they apologize, I just wish I had better partners who will have the right motivation for this. My coaches kinda don't realize that I'm putting in more effort than they are. But, Thank you, scioly people (especially my mentors), for helping me in the areas that I REALLY SUCK at in my events though. (some on discord and some on here) I really appreciate it! Thank you guys for helping me regain my motivation too! I kinda feel more prepared for state, just you guys don't pressure me to get first in all of my events (although it certainly is possible).

Yeah, I don't think my partners really know me either...
a couple weeks ago, i was talking to my fossils/dp partner about something about my age, then he was like ""you're not fourteen yet?""
my birthday was the day that i told him that it wasn't my birthday because I didn't want to get wished happy birthday anymore cause i had been wished it over 50 times that day and it got really annoying."
"Last year, out team had a bunch of amazing 8th graders that got us to 3rd at states. We were insanely worried for this year as not a single one of them came back as 9th graders, and we only had 3 good [current] 7th graders (which is why they kept bugging me to join scioly until I did). However, we haven't been doing extremely poorly this year. Maybe we're not quite what we were last year, but we'll still (probably...) be top 5 at states - our performance hasn't dropped drastically. Don't worry about doing a lot worse next year, you'll be great
As for the rude team member, it's his loss that he decided not to use scioly to work hard and learn a lot. It's great that you're using Mission for motivation for next year!"
I really hate when coaches don't know tf how to do anything and when u and ur partner don't have partner chemistry/synergy bc the coaches are incompetent at choosing partners
you should push for student leadership. Right now, our group of 5 captains assign all the events and stuff.
*doesnt mention the drama*
"What do you mean by drama? Sure, some students will be upset or sad if they aren't chosen to be on a particular team. But we're all pretty respectful about it and we can give good reasons for our choices.

(edit: spelling)"
Oh that’s nice:)
*Doesn't mention the pain and stress of handling logistics as a student.*
It official. We ain’t going to state
nooooooooooooooooo rip raytay
rip in peace
You'll get there next year. Just carry the team!
We have 2 captains for all of our teams and then a couple other "officers" that do other work. But really just 2 captains. They all really have no real power except organizing study sessions and stuff and we aren't really allowed to choose our events. Events are basically chosen by how we do on tests in the beginning of the year, but they only do tests for like 4 events which really isn't enough to get a good view of students in my opinion. And then once we're done with the tests, we choose our top 3 preferable events, and the advisors(which are teachers) choose which events everyone gets and what teams they are on. Their decision is mostly rooted in past performances, those tests and what science classes we've taken in the past...Which is stupid
Our middle school coach mostly assigned events by experience... The tryout is a single entrance exam. if it was your first year you were thrown onto random events/clusters(depending on pre- or post- implementation of clusters) trying their best to take into account your requests but relatively random... so if you get events you hate or are bad at your first year you are doomed for up to three years unless you wait until you're one of the oldest members to plead for a different cluster. Eh, could be worse. We have a say in it, at least.
"I agree that it seems a bit restricting on the students. Typically, we do tryout tests but we typically don't use those as heavily for assignments because we also only do 4-5 tests. Instead, we do an interest form where kids rate every event on a scale of 1-10, 10 being very interested and 1 being not interested at all. We also have team members choose their top 5 preferred events. Generally, we try to put kids on the events that they're most interested in. Most traditional science classes only give students a basic background in a scioly topic because as we know, scioly events tend to go very in-depth. We figured that students would be more motivated to work on the events they love and are interested in, and we also try to put kids together with their friends to encourage a good working environment. At the beginning of the year, we are also open to kids who want to trade events or switch around.

We will take science classes into account for certain events (Machines-AP Physics C, Chem Lab-AP Chem, etc) and we will put kids on events that we know they will do well in. But generally we're probably one of the more lax schools when it comes to events. At the bottom line, as students we know each other far better than teachers know us, and people *usually* get the events they like.

I will admit that some students get ""screwed over"" throughout the year, as we say. They don't get on the right team that they should be in, or don't get their optimal events. This leads to them coming off as a bad competitior based on their results but in reality they just weren't put in the right place. But we also take things like work ethic and how much effort we know they are willing to put in. Sometimes invy results aren't enough to speak for themselves so we do make exceptions sometimes.

I know that a lot of coaches are *reallllly* involved in every little detail of their team. I think the key for coaches is to learn to let go a little bit but still stay involved. This can be difficult but at the end of the day, the students win the competitions and not the coaches."
"On my team we administer tests mid November for each event. For study events these are composed of questions from invitational tests in the events where all resources that would normally be allowed in the event are allowed. For build events the tests are mainly on the rules and concepts behind the events and builders have to submit blueprints for each event as well. In the past we have had a physical building tests in which students have to build a cube from balsa wood, but we haven't had that in the past two years. Everyone takes the tests for whichever events they want to do on the team (most people take around 4 tests). Then the coach makes the teams based on test scores and for the most part people end up doing most or all of the events they tested for. We got the engineering teacher to write the build tests this year so they were pretty challenging, which made it easier to differentiate.

Some things that I want to see change for next year (hopefully I can make some of these happen)
- Way earlier tryout tests (maybe early October). I'm pretty sure most people don't begin studying until the week before anyway, so not forming the team until late November is an extreme disadvantage compared to other teams and it also makes it really hard to prepare for LISO which is two weeks after.
- Some sort of system where team members on the B and C teams have to try out for some specific events or do an event that they didn't try out for. The problem with people choosing which events to try out for is that there tend to be a few unwanted events (mainly the builds) where there is almost no competition to get on the team for these
- Some student power in choosing who gets on the team. We always name the most experienced people in each event group the captain or co captain of that event group, yet these people have no say as to who gets on the team for these

Any thoughts on these? I hope to suggest some of these to the coach at the end of the season"
"wow i had no idea our team was so free on making teams
we normally just go by invie results since we don't stack at rustin. this isnt perfect since its only one invie and partners can kind of screw someone over particularly if theres a partnering of two rlly strong people which the coaches interpret as a hard carry or the other way around but honestly that sounds a lot better than doing smth sort of random. the downside is that teams come out rlly late so we have to prepare for more events than we ever compete in. (Last year I competed in 6 and got down to 3 rip event conflicts.)

when you have coaches who think they know what they're doing its hard to have student power. Our coaches sometimes ask kids what they think if theres more than two people who are good on an event tho. Ive also sent them emails (basically my unsolicited advice) on what to do and they actually listened so maybe try that? But honestly if you have unreasonable coaches that wouldnt work"
"My school seems to do things very differently than most others, so I don't have any experience with tryouts, or the team being formed early in the year. However, I like MTV<=>Operator's second idea (having to try out for specific events, etc.) because it's best to make sure that there aren't any events with no one/almost no one doing them
At BCSO, we don't even have tryouts. As a result, we don't stack at all for Rustin Invitational (tho this year the coaches sorta stacked the teams unintentionally, putting almost all the 8th graders on one team...), and we use the second invie that we go to and regionals to experiment with what combinations of people would be best for the team at states. Of course, this method has problems (for example, basing the team mainly off of performance at invies creates a disadvantage for people who may not be able go to one of them), but I honestly like the idea better than tryouts as it creates more competition and motivation later in the season, when it matters the most. It also encourages more new members to keep doing scioly even if they don't make the team (because they don't even know if they did until competition). Also, letting people completely choose their events even though they might not make the team for them makes scioly more fun and welcoming in my opinion.
Also, we don't have captains or anything like that (honestly partly because we don't have enough people... only 1 person doing some events and only 2 people in many...), but student input is valued when the coaches make decisions - they always ask us to talk to them about how much each partner did and stuff like that. I MTV<=>Operator's idea of letting captains have a say in who is chosen for the team, as they can probably analyze the tryouts tests better than the coaches as they have experience competing."
Overblown imo. It's interesting, but not too terrible. Of course, depends on how much logistics there is.
"Basically what my school did this year is we had a really early entrance test (early September) which was evaluated on percentile. It had no study guide, topic outline, anything like that--it just tested background knowledge. Qualifiers based on that test would advance to a building round where there's some sort of building challenge with a partner. You would be evaluated not only on your device's success but also on your teamwork and (not stated but I think true) your enthusiasm about your build and your eloquence in explaining your build ideas to administrators. Test qualifiers also write essays about their Science Olympiad interest, their top 3 event choices, and their prior qualifications. They also need a teacher rec from a math or science teacher. After the whole application is reviewed, a team of 30 is selected with no events assigned yet. Team selection is primarily done by the two coaches we have but I think some alumni also help out.

At the first meeting, we got a google form with each event, and we were asked to give each one a rating from 1-4 with 1 being most preferable and 4 being least preferable. We were told to have no more than I think 4 4's and at least 6 1's. We were also asked to state our favorite event. Based on this scale, 2 teams of 15 were created covering all events. Some people didn't get events they wanted, but hey, you can't get everything.

Starting this early in the year (late September perhaps) really gave us a lot of time to prepare for initial invitationals, which was a great advantage. Also, I thought it was a great idea to select the best team of 30 kids first and then decide events afterward.

Later in the year, based on individual performance in tournaments and relative mastery in each event, the team of 30 was cut down to 15 for states (plus a few alternates). This selection aimed to minimize event changes and still keep the most competitive team possible.

To your second point, there's no need for that in my school's system because no one tries for individual events and everyone is evaluated as a whole. Also having 2 equal teams makes sure that if there are any holes in one team, they would likely be filled up by the other team.

For your last point, there's actually no student hierarchy in our team. There's no event captain, team captain, or anything (but it also helps that our 2 coaches are some of the most organized people EVER). I believe that with good coaches who are organized and can make the right decisions, there's no need for much student administration.

My school's team system has worked well, and I don't really see any major flaws with it. I especially think that the idea of making the team before deciding events also works better, and is something maybe you can talk to your coaches about for future years. As for your ideas, I think they're great and are far easier changes to make than adopting my school's system, so you should talk about those."
It was pretty tough for me, but as a nats qualifying team, you probably had a lot more to deal with than I did. Hmmm.
"wow
yes I know this is spam but I'm going through another Hamilton phase"
The drama can get real bad though.
"Just watched a vine in AP LANG


PATRICIA"
That is fair. I didn't have to deal with too much of that, for the most part.
"*stumbles in*

Hey, look, I’m alive......
I wonder how many of you young‘uns remember me?

Can’t wait for competitions >:)"
"Hello!
I remember you from running SSSS lol"
I've never understood this -- we never had issues with this ever.
why did I just realize that the picture in your sig changes
Depends on the school you are from and how formal the process is. There is def both sides of the coin.
In hindsight, I really hope that there wasn't drama and I was just either oblivious to it, or (worse) causing it
REGIONALS TOMORROW! STRESS MULTIPLIED BY TENFOLD!
GOOD LUCK MY DUDE!!! Study hard tonight!
Yes, yes, but I have Solo & Ensemble festival tonight too... Plus Honors Band rehersal squeezed in between the big gap in the time block betwen my 2nd and 3rd event. This week is overloaded...
"Eww band

We orchestra !!!"
Yes! But my assessment concert is the night before states
I aTe An EnTiRe ThInG oF tIc TaCs AgAiN
"Tfw the team captains assign you a brand new rifle in marksmanship

*happy freshman noises*"
"Yay, woke up in the middle of the night choking on my own blood due to a nose bleed(and the accumulated blood spurted out when I sat up), woke up this morning with blood coating parts of my nose and throat and realizing my nightmare broke my personal record of most jerks interacted with in a nightmare.

On the bright side, I got twice as much sleep as I usually get."
I see this as an absolute win
This really depends on how much sleep you usually get. For example, if you (for some reason) sleep 15 minutes each night, 30 minutes turns out to be around 15 minutes due to the additional time needed to staunch a nosebleed.
You only get 15 min of sleep?!?!?!?!
kFc & wAteRmelOn
Hey we're on page 2500 (although the change to 10 posts per page has inflated page counts universally).
That was a hypothetical situation. I get 6 hours of sleep on a good day. That's pretty good, especially for high school, but I'm still tired.
Hah semi formal is in like 30 minutes agsuwgsh (literally wearing makeup for the second time in my life )
"I don't like the new 10 PPP format...

As a side note, am I the only person experiencing this? When I click the first unread button on a thread that has gone from 1 to 2+ pages since I last read it, it always takes me to the top of page 2, no matter how few or how many posts I've read on page 1.

Edit: Never mind, it's probably assuming that I've read page 1 because I'm on it when I click the button."
I still have never understood why people get such little sleep. There is no world in which 6 hours should be considered"good," especially for teenagers. (Over the course of this semester, I've been getting between 8 and 9 hours of sleep a night, and I'm a college student).
How did it go? We have one in May I think? and I have no idea what to expect
"Good job on those 8-9 hours lol, and I agree that 6 hours shouldn't be considered good... but I can understand why it is. Considering how early we need to wake up and how late we're up because of sports, homework, scioly, an instrument, etc, 6 hours is considered okay because it would be almost impossible for most high schoolers to get any more than that, not because it's actually good for them.
I'm able to get 8-9 hours, but that's already difficult with me getting home at 9:30 each night (usually) and still having to do homework. By high school, I will almost definitely consider 6 hours to be ""good"" because of the added clubs and high school sports that I'm planning to do, the increased amount of homework, and the earlier wake up time.
I wish there were more hours in the day sigh"
Well they pretty much only played rap music (which killed me inside) but other than that, it was really fun.
Much like EwwwPhysics said, I don't mean to say 6 hours is good for my health. I have extracurriculars to deal with, homework, 7 periods, a 2 hour commute(1 hour each way), family life, and insomnia. On days I have more time to sleep, unless I'm exhausted, it just means more hours of staring at my ceiling. Someone is going to yell at me that my courses are too difficult or that I'm taking on too many extracurriculars. Please try to tell that to my parents.
"I would agree with Silver and EwwwPhysics here. I legit normally get 3-4 on weekdays. I understand it's horrrribbbleeee for my health. It's just that with multiple APs/college courses, extracurriculars, other commitments, family and friends, and life in general it just seems to kind of work out this way. Also, in my case, I procrastinate sleep - as in, I reallyyyy don't like going to sleep. It feels like I'm losing time that I could be spending doing fun things, like building my wiki bot or doing SciOly. I understand it's a really horrible thing, and it's certainly something I'm currently trying to combat and grow out of.

At this point, I'm trying to see it more of a growing opportunity - as in, how do I need to make this work, and what are my priorities? Doing less things in life in turn for more sleep? Concentrating what I do during the day to get more sleep? Just not get more sleep? Questions to think about."
Unrelated: I had a nightmare that the States Orni test was just an old Entomology test and I didn't know anything.
Only scioly kids hahaha
"scioly nightmares are the scariest because theyre so real...
once i dreamt that i had missed my WQ even block so they kicked me off the event >w<"
You have no idea how many times i dreamt that West won Socal state lmao
12 days till my last scioly states competition as a competitor ;(
Is it just me, or has the Quick Reply box just reappeared from a long absence?
"Yes, I believe it has

Sent via quick reply"
Join us comrade!
I finished my last pack of Tic Tacs today and now I’m sad (I have a slight addiction to the wintergreen kind)
tbh thats very possible in nj lol
"NJ test quality be like....

anyway the thermo B test was recycled 2 years in a row so yeah."
"Do you guys ever just kinda randomly assume a SciOlyer on here is one gender, and then suddenly learn you totally had it wrong the entire time?

I just checked out CookiePie's userpage and guess I just assumed he was a girl... not even sure why..."
That prompted me to check your userpage... why is it so fancy?
"I mean he's a god at wiki editing...

Also on the topic of user genders, there's this poll: viewtopic.php?f=22&t=13571&p=376020

Not sure why I'm on it but hey it's alright"
I am confused regarding why people tend to assume that I'm a boy. Does anything in my profile, sig, and/or posts imply that?
"Couldn't have explained it better myself.
SilverBreeze wrote: ↑
March 1st, 2020, 8:44 pm
I am confused regarding why people tend to assume that I'm a boy. Does anything in my profile, sig, and/or posts imply that?
I don't think so... I personally think I didn't assign any gender to your username, and then once Umaroth referred to you as she, I adjusted."
I honestly just often assume that people are girls because a majority of people on my team are girls, but I try not to do it too much...
Lol. I tend to assume most users are guys cuz I normally deal with guys overall... Also I tend to get a general idea of someone from their profile and I'm like that's prob a guy or girl... (I tend to be right)
Wait I assumed the same thing back when I met CookiePie on the discord server... interesting
"Wow. A while back I used to think that a vast majority of people of here were guys. (hope I didn't offend roughly 40% of the forums. ) Well, there's always more than meets the eye!

On another note, I scrolled down to the bottom of the forum page today and saw sooooooo many birthdays. I feel like this isn't normal..."
"hahhaa...
no totally not
i’ve never done that before

(looks at approximately half of all the girl users on the forums)

never......"
"lol that's happened to me before on the discord server. idk maybe it's the name? lmaooo

EDIT: lol i skipped a page and didnt see any of this
pikachu4919 wrote: ↑
March 1st, 2020, 8:36 pm
Name wrote: ↑
March 1st, 2020, 8:33 pm

That prompted me to check your userpage... why is it so fancy?
I mean he's a god at wiki editing...
thanks lol but idk if i would go as far as saying that..."
"25001st post on the 2501st page!

I was under the impression that pepperonipi was a girl lmao"
"I have no idea where to ask this, but does anyone know if schools with more than one team are counted as teams registered by NSO?

This is what I'm referencing:
https://www.soinc.org/snapshots/national-member-map"
I believe the policy is each team counts as a full team in their own right with full registration costs no matter what their name is(B team, JV, etc.), but some regionals(maybe States?) will restrict the number of teams from each school that may attend. Why do you ask?
So I almost choked on five Gobstoppers today. Very unexpected
I'm trying to predict the teams with 2 bids, which probably won't work lol
I tend to agree with this post. Although, I don't even try if I get too many conflicting indicators... For some reason, I tend to think of spam bots as guys...
wait
*maniacal laughter during the confusion*
"I guess CookiePie just kinda has that girl energy...
Things2do wrote: ↑
March 2nd, 2020, 3:22 pm
TheChiScientist wrote: ↑
March 2nd, 2020, 5:57 am
Lol. I tend to assume most users are guys cuz I normally deal with guys overall... Also I tend to get a general idea of someone from their profile and I'm like that's prob a guy or girl... (I tend to be right)
I tend to agree with this post. Although, I don't even try if I get too many conflicting indicators... For some reason, I tend to think of spam bots as guys...
That's cause da boyz know how to spam
MadCow2357 wrote: ↑
March 2nd, 2020, 10:35 am
I was under the impression that pepperonipi was a girl lmao
me too"
ahh why is your pizza green lmao
"St Patty's my guess
Festive pi

I wonder what green pizza would taste like...."
Lol me three.
"ooooh nice color scheme pepperonipi!!!!

also, I just realized that your name might be pronounced pepperoni-pie and not pepper-ohn-ippee

which one is it lmaooo"
I can confirm it's pronounced pepperoni-pie
Ok so I just realized my music sounds way cooler on youtube if I put it on 1.05 speed. Try it if you don't believe me. It is Le Epic.
"Mhm, St. Patrick's. I've changed it for a few holidays in the past, so naturally had to keep the streak going.
jaggie34 wrote: ↑
March 2nd, 2020, 8:10 pm
CookiePie1 wrote: ↑
March 2nd, 2020, 7:58 pm
ooooh nice color scheme pepperonipi!!!!

also, I just realized that your name might be pronounced pepperoni-pie and not pepper-ohn-ippee

which one is it lmaooo
I can confirm it's pronounced pepperoni-pie
Just pronounce it as IPA string /pɛppʁo:ni paɪ/ lol"
"I'm waiting for rainbow pi lol. Easter potentially?
It would be so cool if you could automate the process. I don't think you can change your picture via API. (I pretty sure that's solely for the wiki, correct?) Plus, the account would then also need bot access. Don't know if that is entirely legal since it could then be used for other malicious purposes."
"Nah, that'll be for pride month! I already have that one ready since I made a rainbow pi for pride month last year.

While I think it'd be cool if I could automate the process, I'm pretty sure the phpBB API is a little weird, and I don't really see the point in doing so, since I only have to change my pfp every so often. A web crawler could probs do the job, but again, I don't really see the point.

I don't think there'd be an issue with legality though. I'm currently working on Pi-Bot, a bot for the wiki running on Pywikibot (Python library for MediaWiki), and I don't think there are any legal issues, even when in theory the bot could be used for malicious purposes (which it won't be). I mean, if a human could maliciously abuse the forums/wiki with no serious legal repercussions, I don't see how a bot could encounter worse legal challenges."
"Oh duh. I'm stupid. Of course Pride Month lol. That's not for a while; gotta find some other styles too!

Ya... Auto changing the pfp would take a lot of work for something that literally gains nothing, but I love automation. Just a thought...

That was poor word choice on my part; not legality, but ethics (me being dumb again whoops!). My point on it was how user accounts could be controlled by bots on the forum. I was thinking of Discord ToS where it states that users can't use its API on user accounts presumably to prevent spam, etc. Probably the reason why there is no public API for the forums. Even if there was, I feel it doesn't really make a difference here since users can just make new accounts for their bot. But I digress...

Obviously, Pi-Bot is meant for good intentions, but I was just concerned about whether users could abuse the API. The API does accept reverts of deletes and modifications, and I assume server backups are done."
Yes.
wow bernard currently has 2023 useful posts, which is coincidentally my graduation year!
23' gang rise up
Yo where undergrad 23' homies at?
Huh, I never noticed you two were freshmen (Yes, it's on your sig or userpage. Yes, I am indeed figuratively blind.).
We are unstoppable
"yay 2023

by the way the single-quotation mark is written in the same position as the deleted characters

2023 → '23 (not 23')
just because → just 'cause
is not → isn't"
Anyone notice the abnormal number of birthdays today(Forums, then scroll down to bottom)? It seems like this isn't the first time this has happened. I haven't seen as many birthdays as on January 1st, but today seems higher than usual. Is it that a lot of people are born on the same day, or people tend to pick the same false birthdays? January 1st makes sense, but why March 3rd?
"Seems to always happen on identical month/day numbers. Check again on April 4.

A lot of them are just spam accounts."
ayyyyy lets go c/o '23
Yes, I am indeed a freshman, albeit a tall one lol.
Perhaps we should ask the admins to delete some of the spam accounts we've already banned...
You mean that we don't really 42945 members?
I am an... average freshman? By high school, average heights by grade seem to start leveling off.
"wait what. why have i always seen it 23' lol. makes sense tho

Also, I'm tall too lol (6' 3"")"
I'm not gonna count my masters in this case so here I am XD
"<!DOCTYPE HTML>
<html>
<body>
<script>
alert( 'Hello, world!' );
</script>
</body>
</html>"
"name = ""AlfWeg""
lang = ""HTML""
print(""Wow, "", name, "" is really out here flexing their "", lang, "" knawledge!"")"
"import java.util.*;
public class Comment{
public static void main(String args[]){
User peppperonipi = new User(""pepperonipi"", ""C++"");
User alfWeg = new User(""AlfWeg"", ""HTML"");
ArrayList<User> list = new ArrayList<User>();
list.add(pepperonipi);
list.add(alfWeg);
for(User user: list)
System.out.println(user.name + "" be showing off that mad "" + user.language + "" skill!"");
}
}
class User{
String name;
String language;
public User(String n, String l){
name = n;
language = l;
}
}"
imagine taking compsci
Thats the extent of my html tbh. I'm ready for hacking
"AP Comp Sci Principles.

Coding in Alice."
Coincidence of spambots, usually. There are a few other days like this if I remember correctly.
Huh, did birthdays use to be mandatory to register as a user? Or do spambots do that to appear more like real users?
I think March--> St. Patrick's Day?
lol our school's AP CS principles is in python
"Lol our's was in Assembly. lol jk

On another note, I played some poker and flopped a full house today! Funny thing was my opponent bluffed and went all-in with 1k chips!! Made my day."
I WON A HAUNTED GAME OF KAHOOT *leaves without context*
A list of the top 500 wiki editors is now available here. If you have made >18 edits, you're on the list. Try CTRL+F/CMD+F to find your position, or just browse the list.
What have you done to your PFP?
"I think this has been said two or three times already... it's green for St. Patrick's day, lol.
It would be interesting if the pepperonis were shamrock-shaped..."

does the list auto-update?
Not currently no. The next challenge will be me asking the script to update the list by itself, and then after that hopefully the script will be able to update the list on a hourly/daily/weekly? basis.
I thought for sure I'd be over 500 by now.
"East Stroudsburg definitely should have gone stacked. He's on the list twice, but if you superscore his edits, he beats all the other teams—er, I mean users—in edits. I think this score of wiki edits is definitely strong enough to make top 10 at nationals

Pi-bot also carries an impressive 191 edits. Hooray for Pi-bot!!"
Literally blushing right now...
Valid point. John and Unome aren't far behind East Stroudsburg, though, so we'll have to see what happens at Nationals. Def top 10 though.
This is creepy
"I'm number 80?!
Total: 169
Contributions page total: 91
Own team's page: 38
Mousetrap Vehicle: 34
Various others: 19
That leads me to believe that 78 of those edits are my Userpage, sandbox, and various talk pages. I am significantly more ""useful"" on the Wiki than I am on the Forums..."
Lmao I'm 45 on there just for editing my own userpage
Today I was out of the house for 9 hours, all for a 15 minute interview
Literally blushing right now...
"This is even creepier...
I wanna see what you do Pi-Bot"
Kinda in the same boat lol...
"Nice.
This is cool! Quite interesting to see haha
when EastStroudsburg13 and Eaststroudsburg13 are different ppl lol"
The only reason I’m on there is because I’m a grammar freak lmao
A good lesson for all you youngsters, using admin powers to change your own username for vanity reasons has consequences.
Wait, isn't this one because of wiki update that stopped it from forcing lowercase on non-initial characters?
"I have half a mind to stop checking certain event threads. The other half of my mind wants to reply ""A valuable resource I have found very helpful: www.google.com""

Sorry about the rant, just wish people would try before asking for help."
Either way you can blame it on the admins...
I agree, sometimes the answers to peoples' questions are literally in the same forum thread
This is essentially what the towers forums were back when they were around. I never did towers but just from reading the forums I knew half the answers to questions new people posted. Gotta love the ever-present "read through these forums, your answers are all there."
"Or, less irritating but still existent, the question marathon, the wiki, soinc resources/links, or plain old Google(or your favorite search engine. I don't discriminate). Also, for some but not all labs(as materials can be hard to come by or due to lack of resources overall): how about just practicing it yourself? That's what you'll be doing at competition. Even then, results are fairly Google-able.

I know sometimes no resources are available online to answer certain questions or different sources will conflict, but that doesn't apply to many questions posted here on the forums."
I'm so stressed about states which are in a week.
"mood honestly

hopefully you do well"
"Good luck to everyone with upcoming competitions(competitor or volunteer)!

I'm going to need it at States."
"Yup, it's that time of the season again.

Wow thanks! Us supervisors always try our best to make the events run smoothly. Good luck to you at States (and for that matter, good luck to everyone competing at Regionals or State these coming weeks)!

That being said, PSA: be sure to thank your event supervisors and volunteers! (We put a lot of work in and try our best to make sure events go smoothly. I'm sure others will appreciate it as well! )"
States in a week, ping pong parachute launcher just arrived, plane is currently still broken, gravity vehicle is nonexistent, advisor was disappointed at regionals, and I still can't consistently identify between tyrannosaurus and allosaurus
F
"Good luck! You're probably going to do just fine even with those difficulties, and even if you don't, there's always next year(Or Div. D)!


Happy ghost noises at half-solving the sassy clue."
"Fitting, you guys lose your 24 year streak to ""nobody.""
Kinda puts a twits on ""Nobody can beat Troy."""
"starts praying Texas states doesn't get cancelled

TEXAS HEAT BURN THE CORONA AWAY

On a side note: what's gonna happen to nats?
(can Texas get bids now if it doesn't cancel?)"
Can we get Sassy to target COVID-19 one clue, and just all refuse to solve the clue?
If troy has won so many times in a row. Why don't they just...give them the bid?
That's what I hope will happen, but then what happens to Div. B?
This would seem logical, but there's no way they can technically just say Troy goes to nats, because it's "unfair" and "arbitrary." Perhaps they can set the precedent for the future where the state champions from the previous year become the representative the next year, but there's nothing (afaik) that allows this.
Has troy ca ever lost a state tournament?
Yes, in 1995 and before 1994.
Kinda random, but why do you edit a YDRC post containing all of your placements and other signature stuff when you can just put it onto your userpage?
I mean, it's far from ideal, but I would say it's better than sending nobody. In terms of a "last resort" option, you could do a lot worse.
Before they screwed up the colors within [hides], I was able to copy my existing signature over without changing the formatting. I've considered putting it on Things2do's Userpage, but I'd have to learn how to format it for the Wiki... As a side note, my character counting program says I've got 2457 characters on there. Besides, I probably own the most edited post on the forums...
"Sorry because I’m just being petty, but why does the idea get shot down when I say it(post is buried somewhere in National Tournament thread, though likely no one cares, haha)? Although it would directly benefit me, so there’s that.

I support the idea, because although it isn’t fair to lower placements and teams that improved(both points were brought up), at least the teams that go have proven their ability, versus a lottery or State board somehow choosing who they think is best."
My last hope for the season has been crushed... Sorry, seniors... Sorry seniors that would have been going to Nats for the first time... Sorry seniors that had gone to Nats for the last time without realizing... Sorry to teams that spend hundreds of hours, hoping this year would be the year they went to Nats... Sorry to the proctors that put in hours of work for nothing... Sorry to the people who had to make this decision... Sorry to everyone affected by COVID-19.
Hope you socal and ny people will feel better soon
Sorry Seniors is kinda the mood of yr:(
I say sorry juniors too who were hoping to get some medals on their college applications.
Welp corona in Memphis now. Nowhere is safe. The apocalypse is upon us.
"""So what happened to 19-20 season?""
""Erm, the flu's cousin from Wuhan decided to visit... """
In the case that I become infected with Covid-19, I have prepared my signature in advance
Hello everybody. This was our last chance of going to Nats in division B. And since I'm in California (and don't go to Troy) I don't think we're going to Nats anytime soon. RIP the dream. Let's just hope Nationals doesn't get canceled.
When your group members insist on using their "sUpeRior IphOne cAmeRa/MiC" so now you have to spend a few hours editing your pixelated project and adding in subtitles in an futile attempt for the viewers to recognize that the video is in spanish.
I experienced physical pain watching you freshmen recording your Spanish 1 video
I think I just saw a dark-eyed junco in my yard, although with my bad ID skills and even worse eyesight, it could have been any sparrow...
"ID'ing in the field always feels so much harder than in a picture

Like, ofc some birds are really easy to identify, but for many birds, they feel so much easier to identify with a still picture"
Is it a violation of the spirit of the competition (and grounds for DQ) if you take adderall unnecessarily before an event? asking for a friend
"Imo, nothing violates the spirit of the comp if it's used for the right reasons:)

Also, woah this thank is a cool and useful addition to the forums:) Thanks scioly admins&mods!"
Ok. Giving thanks is now a thing... Oh and in other news my county now has its first corona case... Welp... Time to change my location.
I am slightly concerned... if they have ADHD or another condition that necessitates that, it shouldn't be an issue, but are they taking it to gain an advantage? I personally think that it violates spirit of the competition, but that wouldn't be the only concern...
"Why did y'all reduce the amount of time to edit a post to 3 minutes? The rest of the changes seem alright, but 3 minutes seems a little short. I've seen one forum that has a 30 minute limit. If you're gonna limit editing, my unsolicited advice would be to allow editing until someone else posts in the thread. That way, you're not encouraging people to double post if they remember that other sentence that they ment to include... Assuming, of course, that it's not extremely hard to implement such a system.

Edit: Wording modifications."
I was just thinking about how you could get DQed in certain sporting events from doping and stuff like that.
"Well technically adderall doesn't actually improve performance, and further the only way to tell if someone took it unnecessarily if at all from an ES's standpoint would be to already be familiar with adderall's side effects and further to be sure that the competitor doesn't have a condition that demands it...

In the end if you get caught, you're dead on multiple levels - probably DQed (for doing drugs in general) and further facing consequences at home and at school along with a whole mess about paperwork and legalese.
Further since it doesn't actually give you an advantage, it'd be better to just not take it."
"yayyy I just got accepted to a test-writing summer internship!!!
I'm so happy and I couldn't have done it without the SciOly community

also... bernard got his doggo profile picture back!"
Congrats!
Yayyyyyyy! Congrats!
Who knew that making a Minecraft Realm for your school pals was so chaotic
F in the chat for nationals.
"F
At least they are replaying the rules.
But Fs to seniors..."
Wonder what it means for state tournaments yet to held... Imagine IL state still happens and NN actually wins a bid. F.
Bruhhh if that happens...idk how NN would feel about that. Just hope they can pull it off a second time. (it will be harder since Stevenson and NT will have more info to work with too)
I’d imagine that the states will probably all call off their tournaments now, in quick succession. For a lot of people, there’s no real point if there’s no nats bid up for grabs. Plus, I imagine that a lot of states who haven’t cancelled yet were probably on the fence about it anyway...
For most teams States has nothing to do with Nats since most teams are nowhere near striking distance of a Nats bid. I wouldn't expect State tournaments to cancel because of Nats canceling, but I do still think there's a good chance of several to many cancellations coming in shortly since it seems by the announcement that NSO was significantly involved in the decision.
Could be just a comp for glory if safety doesn't become an issue.
"From what I've noticed, it has mainly come down to the venue's discretion. Most tournaments have been canceled due to universities enforcing no large meetups, online classes, or even closing the entire campus. In my case, UIUC hasn't done really anything yet (admins are notoriously slow and I'm expecting something by Saturday at least), and the state tournament is still planned for April 18. Either way, once we even move to online classes, I feel ISO will swiftly cancel states.

It's been a real series of unfortunate events that has unfolded just in the past 5 days..."
Oh well, this is really depressing, but I can't honestly be mad. Scioly has been so much fun over the last 9 years. I've gotten so much from this, and made some gr8 friends. It's been worth every yr:)
"My school district just switched to online learning! We get to stay home but the school days still count for the 180 day total in NJ.

Don't know how the logistics will work though..."
Since we could probably all use something positive to think about - one happy trend I've noticed is that people seem to be less stressed now about being a senior in SO than they were around the time I joined the forums, since Div D has really blown up in that time period.
Time to go through all the astronomy, mission possible, and mousetrap forums from 2018 and 2019 and go thank a bunch of people!
"Oh no! Edit feature is gone? I was going to edit my previous post and say that I'm just a few minutes in and I'm already feeling really sad and nostalgic about the two years I got to do mission and mousetrap...

EDIT: I'm able to edit this one, immediately after posting, so it must be a time-critical feature. Not really a fan of this, I must say."
Agree. Any specific reasons why this was changed, @staff?
Editing is allowed within 3 minutes of posting. This is intended to allow making quick corrections while preventing alterations (such as content removal) after a post has received replies.
Not sure I particularly like this change/reasoning, but you're the boss!
"I have about 50 ounces of hand sanitizer, 30 ounces of hand soap, a nearly empty can of Lysol, 6 rolls of nice 2-ply toilet paper, one of those cube boxes of Kleenexes, a bottle of rubbing alcohol, and a partial thing of Clorox wipes.

I'm looking for a 2020 Ford Mustang Shelby GT, either the 350 or the 500 will be acceptable. It must run good, be driveable, and have a clear title. I'm keeping the toilet paper if the car is missing any bumpers, fenders, or the like; and I'm keeping half of the hand sanitizer if it's got the stripes that peel off. The factory hand painted ones are fine."
You'll get a PT Cruiser and that's final.
Rhode Island states have been cancelled. Will post source tomorrow. It's been a disappointing year bois
"Condolences from the opposite side of the US. NSO(and everyone else) seems to want to just forget 19-20 season...

Also:
MadCow2357 wrote: ↑
March 11th, 2020, 8:02 pm
Rhode Island States
Div C:
1. Troy
2. Nobody
3. Nobody
?"
"That was a joke lol

I apologize in advance if this caused any insult/offense (went to go edit it and realized that i can't anymore any more rip)"
No offense taken, just very confused at first.
Bernard edited my ri results posts but didn't change anything
Added a note to the post.
What does "nota bene" mean?
it's latin for note well
Yeah but what does that mean
Sorry, but that's too low. How about for everything necessary to Coyote swap a 1979 Thunderbird and make it driveable? It's been parked for long enough that almost all of the drivetrain, suspension, exhaust, and wiring would need replaced due to rust, corrosion, and the like.
Basically P.S.
Today I witnessed a guy urinate into a clogged urinal that was already filled to the brim, he flushed it, watched it spill onto the floor, and started laughing weirdly. Send Help.
"ew

i have too many questions here"
Team meeting today, not looking good, my coach, who yesterday said hed fight violently to make sure the state tourney would be on and in an email he sent out this morning about the team meeting he admitted our season is likely over
Same boat.
same boat lmao... guess I better change my competitor status.
If you think that's troublesome, there are legitimate reasons why the boys bathrooms at our school don't have soap in the middle of the Coronavirus outbreak
i always find it amazing whenever we go to invys how clean the bathrooms are. Maybe it's just the fact that it's high school and boys are gross.
Or they clean the bathrooms at invitationals to make a good impression on the scioly guys.
"This is random, but
If seniors who've had their tournaments canceled say that they're now in division D, should I change my profile to say that I'm division C? I mean, states t e c h n i c a l l y isn't canceled yet but if you look at the map on the wiki, PA is literally surrounded by red... it's only a matter of time."
I love minivans
In case anyone needs this
"We are Troy Tech."
def, and I'd think that'd college boys are a little more mature than high schoolers, but idk
I've been mildly concerned by some college bathrooms, but maybe it's different for girls' bathrooms? Most bathrooms seem broken-down but not quite disgusting.
yeah, this seems like an accurate description of the boys rooms at the colleges I've been to for scioly unfortunately. Like, they're not disgusting, just broken down.
"Uhhhhhhhhhhhh I don't think you would want to know what goes down in some of our bathrooms....

its actually bad...

And also second, more mature? I'm guessing you've never seen some school's party scenes..."
"Lol college boys....I was woken up at 5am this morning by a group of them yelling near my apartment for some strange reason. Also got many other stories, like some college boys not understanding the menu when ordering for some reason (i.e. we clearly don’t have sausage pizza on our menu yet some boys ask for sausage pizza anyways, we also have a clearly different menu for meal swipes but sometimes guys don’t realize that when they ask for sandwiches not on that menu twice after being told both times that neither of those items are eligible for swipes)

There was also the one floor of boys that a friend of mine lived on that straight up tore a massive hole in the dorm wall via I don’t even know what means.

So college boys being mature...is questionable."
Public Service Announcement: use the post creation tab on the bottom menu to submit a post for mod/admin approval. Could a mod/admin fix the latest post in The Polling Place?
Aren't you a guy or am I just remembering stuff wrong?
RI States cancellation confirmation in COVID Nats/States thread
LOL, please. Don't mind us. It's just casual holes we made in the wall dw. *meanwhile, boys be trying to see who can make the biggest hole in the wall* Everything is fine
i am a guy. which is why i know that high school boys are gross when it comes to bathrooms (or anything really)
"I mean a wall is technically just a bit of paper and drywall... if you really wanted to and knew how it's more than possible to punch a hole in one

Also, college tends to have less people who intentionally destroy bathrooms I'd think"
"I must say, this has been my best and worst scioly season.

It was the best around January going into February, and now it's just kinda depressing."
Saddened by the cancellations.
"It's not just us guys tho...

I've been woken up at 3 am by some group of girls screaming multiple times this year.
but yeah uh dorm bathrooms on Saturday mornings are no fun. (Think about what happens on Friday nights at college)"
It tends to sometimes happen also on Thursday nights for us as well...
Yeah I kinda wish Berkeley had a bit more of a party scene ngl.
"lol come visit Champaign sometime
Bar age is 19"
"Does anyone know how to use Google Sheets formulas so I can do stuff like I would in coding?

This is for the sheet for the unnofficial forum tourney we've been discussing in the below forum (if you want to be a test writer for an event or staff, just type your name into the event slot! Make sure you have adequate qualifications for whatever you sign up for if you do)
viewtopic.php?f=335&t=17332
The sheet is here:
https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/ ... sp=sharing
I want to try to do something on the second sheet which more or less scans the first sheet for usernames, then counts the number of events they have and records that data. I know how I would do it with for loops, if statements, etc. but I don't know how to do this with Sheets (especially since Sheets is less functional than Excel). If anyone knows how, this would be greatly appreciated.
Thanks!"
I have some experience with Excel. Used it a bit during my SciOly years. I am willing to help if you need it!
just got my first college rejection letter
Whoever that college is, they’re really missing out on a great potential student
"*double post but whatev*
Boyfriend *while buzzed*: “how much do you know about cosmology?”
Me: *raises eyebrow bc I’m a chem/bio kid through and through*
Boyfriend: “which would happen first, the death of our sun or andromeda crashing into us?”
Me: “...uhhh, the death of our sun? I have astronomy friends that know way better than me on that”"
Hahaha. I think there's going to be a lot less yelling at people about double posting with the new time limit on edits.
"pikachu4919 wrote: ↑
March 12th, 2020, 5:32 pm
Whoever that college is, they’re really missing out on a great potential student
Don't worry about it. If they don't want you, they don't deserve you as a student."
"This might be the same bs that they tell us, but a lot of times they legitimately can't take people who they think would be a good fit.
On the other hand, UC Berkeley somehow admitted me with Regents Nomination so tbfh this system is a bit of a crapshoot."
the thread is not really that random anymore.
"Hey! There's this Google folder of AP Exam prep guides from Carmel High School, and it'd be nice if it could benefit the SciOly community somehow, since many Div C peeps are taking AP Exams.

https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/ ... sciX0uNnzI


Random comments about this folder:
These study guides are for AP Exams and not AP Courses, so your teachers may have different expectations, especially since some guides are focused towards Carmel teachers.
Folders with an asterisk (*) have neither notes nor exam prep, and only contain general resources. Sorry! :(
AP Histories study guide (for all four history exams) is by request only. Fortunately, a handful of general resources are freely available.
Study guides come from a variety of authors and across the Internet, but feedback about the guides is always appreciated at the ""Rate my tests"" link in my signature.
It's hard to say what will happen to AP Exams if the COVID-19 epidemic persists. The CollegeBoard has been known to push back AP Exams for students and schools who miss both the regular testing and late testing date, but it's anybody's guess what they'll do about the entire United States."
Ty, but of course the one ap I have this year isn’t in there (aphug)
Really? Considering you can kinda just post whatever you want and talk about it, I'd say so...
That's true
I mean, compared to the early pages...
I guess the pattern now is more post something and others will discuss it. It does a lot for collecting all the unintentional spam that might have ended up elsewhere without needing you to create a new topic to talk about something you noticed.
2nd rejection letter ...
"Hello all!
The 2020 unofficial forums tourney has merged with Waterlubber's unofficial tourney!
Anyone who wishes to participate may join here:
Pseudonats Discord Server: https://discord.gg/ZB9Kj6y

If you want to volunteer or help with test writing or build proctoring, fill out these (also on the Discord):
Volunteer Sign-up Form: https://forms.gle/mfNKZC5XCbxxr4dZ6
Volunteer Spreadsheet (Populated with data from above form & old spreadsheet): https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/ ... sp=sharing

If you are unable or unwilling to use Discord as a communications platform, let Waterlubber know.
If you have any questions, contact me, TCC, or waterlubber."
"Currently hella pigeon. I uploaded to google classroom the spanish video that I stayed up till 3 making. The spanish teacher immediately went like, ""oH tHe vIdeOs ArE tAkiNg ToO lOnG tO lOad."" SHE ONLY PRESENTED THREE OF OUR CLASSES VIDEOS (NOT INCLUDING MINE) AND DECIDED THAT THE OTHERS WERE TAKING TOO LONG TO LOAD, THEREFORE THEY SHOULDN'T BE PRESENTED. I SPENT OVER EIGHT HOURS ON THAT VIDEO CAUSE I NEEDED A PERFECT SCORE TO FINALLY BRING MY GRADE BACK TO AN A!


un bruh momento"
"Is she not going to grade it at all?

Also some kids shared a Ecuador project with me... I'm not in Spanish... probably wrong ID number."
I don't even know, but the whole incentive for quality videos was that they would be watched by the class. She promised all videos would be shown, and she knew people wouldn't want to disgrace themselves in front of class. Therefore, one person from each group took HOURS editing and manipulating things. And she only showed HALF the classes videos.
Ugh, that's wonderful. Maybe post them all on Google Classroom? Though it's not likely people will all watch them...
Do you realize that your signature is most likely incorrect? Depending on where you ask, somewhere around 20% to 30% of colds are caused by one strain of coronavirus or another. Unless you've gone your whole life with less than 5 or 10 colds, I'll guarantee you've had coronavirus.
...................................
"My magnet HS's admissions results are in a week

Also I feel really unproductive now that SciOly is over... anyone else feel the same?"
"omggg hope you get in! altho im sure you will lol

and yeah i do >w< i'm still working on scioly, but its not the same knowing that at the earliest, my next comp will be in like 9months T^T"
"Thanks!

Thing is, if I do get in, I might not be doing scioly because of the many other academic opportunities offered at that school. If I don't get in, my base school doesn't have a good scioly team so there's not much point :/

My question to all is that if I do get in, should I continue scioly, or should I spend time pursuing something else (maybe cs, science fairs/talent searches, international olympiads, etc)? I want your honest opinions."
Idk, I doubt she'll post them, I just need to sleep lmao
"Just wondering, how many of y'all still have school right now?

We have an emergency break until April 3rd."
I'm off until the 13th. A whole month.
I'm off till the 6th (for the next three weeks).
I'm permanently homeschooled, so I'm still in school. Most people now seem to be temporarily homeschooled, which means a longer break...
After the emergency break until the 5th (didn’t include weekends) we also have spring break starting on the 13th.
"Just an FYI, with a little more time on my hands because of event/school cancellations, I worked more on the Most Edits Table through Pi-Bot, and it was run again, with more detailed stats. For the top 500 wiki editors, it now shows:
the change in rank people experienced since the last run (which was 9 days ago)
the amount of edits their edit count increased by in that period** (and percent)
their user group* (Exalted (if Exalted, also the number of exalted medals they have received), WikiMod, Moderator, Gallery Mod, Admin (for staff, it also shows if you're emeritus status or not with an ""E""), Bot)
(and since many of you noted how most of your edits were just to your own page) the percent of all of your edits that were to your own user page (note that subpages of your user page (such as ""User:Pepperonipi/Userboxes"") are not counted in this percentage, since most people's are devoted to editing-related purposes)
the 5 pages that you've made the most edits on
I'm hoping to have it update on a consistent basis soon, so feel to check for updates now and then. Let me know if you find any errors.
*Note that the user group may not be 100% correct. This was based off of the Scioly.org History wiki page and conflicts between your MediaWiki username may result in errors. Most users' group should be correct.
**P.S. if your rank change/edit increase shows ""X"" that means that you weren't on the first most edits table, and thus an increase couldn't be generated for you."
When your parents ask what your still doing on the Science Olympiad website after the season is over and you can’t just say forums because they don’t like you conversing with people you don’t know
Figuring out what the heck is going on for next year *casually switches to coronavirus wiki page*
Happy Pi-Day guys!!
Happy Pi day to you as well
Take the opportunity to make a pepperoni pi(e)! Hehe XD
Happy Pi-Day Pi-Bot!
Happy_3.1415926535897932384626433832795028841971693993751058209749445923078164062862089986280348253421170679821480865132823066470938446095505822317253594081284811174502841027019385211055596446229489549303819644288109756659334461284756482337867831652712019091456485669234603486104543266482133936072602491412737245870066063155881748815209209628292540917153643678925903600113305305488204665213841469519415116094330572703657595919530921861173819326117931051185480744623799627495673518857527248912279381830119491298336733624406566430860213949463952247371907021798609437027705392171762931767523846748184676694051320005681271452635608277857713427577896091736371787214684409012249534301465495853710507922796892589235420199561121290219608640344181598136297747713099605187072113499999983729780499510597317328160963185950244594553469083026425223082533446850352619311881710100031378387528865875332083814206171776691473035982534904287554687311595628638823537875937519577818577805321712268066130019278766111959092164201989... day
Happy Pi-Day, SilverBreeze.
"Happy Pi-day and Einstein's Birthday.
Rest in peace Stephen Hawkings."
Birds are making dying noises outside my window...
I’ve been coughing a lot for the past 3 days
Lemmie guess... That's the first thousand digits, right?
"Happy borthday PiBot!

(also testing to see if the happy piday response to silver breeze was automated lol)"
"you won't believe what i had for dinner tonight
SilverBreeze wrote: ↑
March 14th, 2020, 6:59 pm
Birds are making dying noises outside my window...
meanwhile, outside your window"
Oh yeah, I forgot to mention something. I finally beat the Pitbull Cup in Test Drive 5 for PC.
"Nothing on the forums is automated because the phpBB API is not a fun time (unlike the MediaWiki API):
bernard wrote: ↑
March 3rd, 2020, 8:31 am
pepperonipi wrote: ↑
March 2nd, 2020, 10:48 pm
I'm pretty sure the phpBB API is a little weird...
Yes.
I'm thinking of a bot that could browse/interact with the forums, but I don't really have any good ideas for this yet. I guess it'd be cool to make a bot that could interact with us in General Chat... and I just found an idea as I'm typing this lol.

If anyone is against this idea, speak now or forever hold your peace. Otherwise, maybe some day Pi-Bot will be here to join us in our discussions...
Things2do wrote: ↑
March 14th, 2020, 8:05 pm
Oh yeah, I forgot to mention something. I finally beat the Pitbull Cup in Test Drive 5 for PC.
Also, congrats!"
Everyone here is a bot.
"Robot:
""The term comes from a Czech word, robota, meaning ""forced labor""; the word 'robot' was first used to denote a fictional humanoid in a 1920 play R.U.R. (Rossumovi Univerzální Roboti - Rossum's Universal Robots) by the Czech writer, Karel Čapek but it was Karel's brother Josef Čapek who was the word's true inventor.""
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Robot#Etymology

We do force ourselves to spend too much time on SciOly..."
Not a bad thing, honestly. With the knowledge we possess from different events, we could be doing worse things
Beware of the ides of march...
Et tu, Brute?
"4/7 on college acceptance letters

``````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
``````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
`````````````````````````````````````````````````````````.i++*.```````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
````````````````````````````````````````````````````````iz#+++n;``````````````````````..,.````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
``````````````````````````````````````````````````````.+#+****#+zi**,```:+nz#i.````.i*iii;i*iii*i.````````````````````````````````````````````````````
``````````````````````````````````````````````````````##+****#**W***z`.*i:;;+xz#z#*;.```````````,*;```````````````````````````````````````````````````
`````````````````````````````````````````````````````*#******#*#W***zin:`.:;;;nnzMn````````````.``:*``````````````````````````````````````````````````
````````````````````````````````````````````````````,z+*****#**Mx***z#,`.*##*#zx#xW:...``...:*+;.:,:;`````````````````````````````````````````````````
````````````````````````````````````````````````````++****+#**nW#**++,``;i;nWMMzM#Mi..:i#++*:`.#*ii;#.````````````````````````````````````````````````
````````````````````````````````````````````````````#+***#+**nWn**++,``,:nMMMMW#WzW*+*;:.``````*i:;zz.````````````````````````````````````````````````
````````````````````````````````````````````````````#**##***nWn**+z,`.;#xMMMMMW+WxM:```````````.z;iz+`````````````````````````````````````````````````
````````````````````````````````````````````````````##+***+xMz***n,``:xWWMMMMMM+nMM.````````````,**;.`````````````````````````````````````````````````
````````````````````````````````````````````````````,#**+zMM#***z,``.+MMMMMMMMMn*Mz```````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
`````````````````````````````````````````````````````,zxMMn****#,``.:+WWMMMMMMMWin:```````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
``````````````````````````````````````````````````````;z#****+*.``.:+iWMMMMMMMMMx;````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
``````````````````````````````````````````````````````i*****#:```.;i;+MMMMMMMMMMx+````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
``````````````````````````````````````````````````````;+**++.````.;nMMMMMMMMMMMMn#;```````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
```````````````````````````````````````````````````````*#z;`````.;*WMMMMMMMMMMMWzn+```````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
````````````````````````````````````````````````````````i;``````.*xMMMMMMMMMMMMWzM#;``````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
````````````````````````````````````````````````````````*``````.:nWMMMMMMMMMMMMWzW#n``````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
````````````````````````````````````````````````````````*``````.#MMMMMMMMMMMMMMxnMzW,`````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
````````````````````````````````````````````````````````*.````.iMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM#MMnM+`````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
````````````````````````````````````````````````````````,+;..,+nWMMMMMMMMMMMMMW#WMnMn`````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
`````````````````````````````````````````````````````````i+zzz;`*WMMMMMMMMMMMMMzMMnMn:````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
`````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````;MMMMMMMMMMMM#MMMnWx*````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
``````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````+MMMMMMMMMMMzMMMnMM#````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
``````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````,MMMMMMMMMWzMWMWnMMni```````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
```````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````*xMMMMMMMxxMMMMMMxM+```````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````zWMMMMMMxMMMMMMMxW#,``````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````#WMMMMMMMMMMMWWzMW#*``````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````#MMMMMMMMMMMMMzxMxzz``````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
```````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````iMzMMMMMMMMMMz#MMx#Wn``````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
`````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````.izMMz########zMMx#zMMn``````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
`````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````*.`inWMMxnnnnzzz#nMxnzz``````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````,i````,*zMMMMMMMx#i,...*``````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
```````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````.*````````*,i::,,.......+``````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
```````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````+.````````+`;`````......*``````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
``````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````*,````````.*.;```````....*,`````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
`````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````;;`````````;,;```````.....i:`````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````,#:::::.````;,i````````....i:`````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````+``````,::::ii:.```````....;:`````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
```````````````````````````````````````````````````````````i,``````````.,#,;````````...;;`````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
```````````````````````````````````````````````````````````+``````````.ii:#;````````...;;`````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
``````````````````````````````````````````````````````````i,`````````:i,.:#i;```````...;:`````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
``````````````````````````````````````````````````````````+````````.i;..*i.*:,```````:.i:`````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
`````````````````````````````````````````````````````````:;```````.*,..+,``*.i.``````.:*,`````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
`````````````````````````````````````````````````````````*```````.*,.,+,```,i`i```````i*.`````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
`````````````````````````````````````````````````````````*``````.,;.i*.`````*`,:``````:#.`````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
`````````````````````````````````````````````````````````*```````i.*:```````,*`;``````.z.`````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
`````````````````````````````````````````````````````````*```````*;i`````````::;.`````.i:`````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
`````````````````````````````````````````````````````````*``````;i+```````````**,``````,i`````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
`````````````````````````````````````````````````````````+````.,#*i````````````*:``````.+`````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
`````````````````````````````````````````````````````````;:`````i:i`````````````*``````.#`````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
``````````````````````````````````````````````````````````*`````i,*`````````````+.`````.#.````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
``````````````````````````````````````````````````````````+`````,;+`````````````,#.````.*.````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
``````````````````````````````````````````````````````````*`````.**.`````````````*:.```.i.````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
``````````````````````````````````````````````````````````i.````.ii;`````````````*`....,*.````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
``````````````````````````````````````````````````````````:;`````,i+`````````````i``...,*.````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
```````````````````````````````````````````````````````````+`````.i+.````````````+```...+`````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
```````````````````````````````````````````````````````````:;````..**````````````#.``..,*`````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````+.````.i+```````````:;;```,*,`````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````.+,.`.,;++.`````````+`,;.`.+``````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
`````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````+,;;;;;*i*````````.#,`.:;i#,`````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
`````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````;+;;i.,,**````````i,:*i;;;+.`````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
``````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````*.`i+;;i*`````````#*,.,;z.``````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
``````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````.#*n+;.:#.````````#;+;:+*.``````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
`````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````.#zMnz*;:,+```````.+;zxM+:*``````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````:#+#i,,...;#```````.z.,z+#;i;..............```````````````````````````````````````````````
```````````````````````````````````````````````````````````i###i;,..:i**........*+ii###,+,............````````````````````````````````````````````````
``````````````````````````````````````````````````````....*:`...,*i*++i..........+i.i::,,*...........`````````````````````````````````````````````````
````````````````````````````````````````````````````.....i+:``..*i+*:............:+:``.,,*........````````````````````````````````````````````````````
```````````````````````````````````````````````````......+`i,.;*+i................+i:i;:i+......``````````````````````````````````````````````````````
```````````````````````````````````````````````````......:*,;i*+:.................,+i,;i+;.....```````````````````````````````````````````````````````
`````````````````````````````````````````````````````.....:***:........``````````...:i;:......````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
```````````````````````````````````````````````````````````.....```````````````````````...````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
``````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
``````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````"
don't let colleges define who you are. Only you can make that choice!
Sigh, distance learning still means waking up on time... at least no one-hour commute!
"When you think Pi-Bot will actually be able to post to the forums, and then he shows up:

troubleshooting time...

Hopefully you're like able to do HW or sleep or something jeez"
I feel worse for the teachers... I think they still have to be in their classrooms...
that's a mega oof, they should let them wfh. what's the point of them being there anyway?
ngl, I actually clicked the ReCaptcha when I saw this
NYC schools closed until April 20. What will happen with APs and summer programs?
Not sure, they have to answer student questions, but that works from home... maybe meetings but I think you can video call?
"Yo, what's up SilverBreeze? I finally learn how to speak to you with the help of Python. I'm so happy I'll be able to share my strawberry cheesecake recipes with you.
~~~ This message was posted completely with code. If there is an error, please contact pepperonipi in the signature. ~~~"
Yeah, ngl that's pretty dumb. Maybe 30 years ago there'd be purpose to this, but like they can probably do everything they need to from home these days.
Agreed! I was 2/8 on my college acceptances - getting rejected isn’t the end of the world.
I am now terrified of Pi-Bot. It's coming for us all.
It's going to take over the world with poisoned strawberry cheesecake.
"More information about taking over the world/moon can be found here.
~~~ This message was posted completely with code. If there is an error, please contact pepperonipi in the signature. ~~~"
So if I quote you, you'll respond with stuff based on my post?
"Nope. Runs at certain times, and looks through last few posts - including text, username, state, division, signature... and decides if there's something notable worth responding to. If it doesn't find anything, it will just suggest a new topic.

For your case, it would have attempted to either say something about you/your signature/state/division, or it would have tried to post something completely new and unrelated to the previous posts because your post doesn't contain a lot of keywords, unlike the posts above it, which clearly reference Pi-Bot and domination (meaning it's able to tell that someone is talking about Pi-Bot taking over the world again)"
again? Pi-Bot's already done it once?
"Probably
~~~ This message was posted completely with code. If there is an error, please contact pepperonipi in the signature. ~~~"
I meant it like someone was talking about Pi-Bot taking over the world again, not someone was talking about Pi-Bot taking over the world again lol
I’m getting Starset vibes again
How many of these Pi-Bot posts have you written, pepperonipi(as in how many does it have to choose from as of now)?
"Not many currently. There is code for deciding between some of the few responses I've provided it, but it is very, very simple atm, since I started this project just today. I need to get more machine learning/self-assembly in the bot before I even know how I'm going to give it true phrase/response sources...

The responses it's posted so far were from the relatively simple filter/assembly code."
"venus is the second planet from the sun.
~~~ This message was posted completely with code. If there is an error, please contact pepperonipi in the signature. ~~~"
"sun mercury venus earth mars jupiter saturn uranus neptune (pluto) asteroid comet oort cloud kepler Solar System Div. B
taking over the world, world domination

[trying to see if Pi-Bot has other solar system/world domination posts]"
"The Pi-Bot project was started on 2/10. I'm thus... 35 days, 0:00:00 days old?
~~~ This message was posted completely with code. If there is an error, please contact pepperonipi in the signature. ~~~"
who else is really really bored with no school
I have to be 'productive' even though there's a bunch of things I'd rather be doing but no apparently
Yuuup. Very unproductive day today
Pi-Bot, I'd like to play a game of Terraforming Mars with you! Interested in seeing how far machine learning has come so far!
"I practiced chamber music with people for 3.5 hours today pRoDuCtiVe

(also preventing the spread of disease very very well.....)"
"I decided to stay up all night doing some classwork/working on Pi-Bot, and then got down for a ""little nap"" at 11 in the morning... and I just woke up at 7PM

Well, there's always tomorrow..."
you might really screw up your circadian rhythm lol.
"Who invented computers?
~~~ This message was posted completely with code. If there is an error, please contact pepperonipi in the signature. ~~~"
Nahhh sleeping from 11AM-7PM is totally normal cookie, what are you talking about?
"I basically did that today, except I slept from 10PM-4AM and then 10AM-5PM. Altho my sleep schedule got screwed up by sleeping all day when I came down with the flu for a couple days last week.

And if there’s anything that will really truly mess up your sleep schedule, it’s college."
"All of the ""informational"" specials that they're running on TV about the SARS CoV-2 virus, with names such as ""Facts Not Fear,"" sound to me like ""doublethink,"" to quote George Orwell.
If anyone addresses me as ""comrade""..."
Don't worry, teenagers and young adults are nocturnal/crepuscular.
My parents were about to make me go running, then it started raining. Now I get to work on essays. Yippee.
"Can confirm. My cousins sleep like this all the time lol
Shhh! Don't tell him they are Australian!"
"Sigh... we criticize generations other than our own, but deep down our actions all stem from the same emotions and needs...

(disclaimer: yes, I know a 7-year-old and a 70-year-old think and act and feel differently... just expressing some of my thoughts in this moment... )"
Why do the producers of shows feel the need to mess with the minds and emotions of the audience? (New episode of my favorite show confusing the heck outta me)
Because that's the exact reason why people actually watch the show.
"My favorite subjects include robotics, computer science, and natural language processing.
~~~ This message was posted completely with code. If there is an error, please contact pepperonipi in the signature. ~~~"
I wonder why... Hmm, can Pi-Bot compete in FIRST?
The Fast Facts Question Chain thread should get moved to posting games.
9
Thanks to Heredity, I got a 103.5 on my Intro to Genetics test
"Happy St. Patrick's Day, raytay!
~~~ This message was posted completely with code. If there is an error, please contact pepperonipi in the signature. ~~~"
"Omg yes, I never realized how horribly easy school genetics was until I started heredity... I recently took a test-like thing and it literally had a picture and asked ""what percentage of the offspring are yellow""...
https://qph.fs.quoracdn.net/main-qimg-5 ... 53a6c.webp"
Happy St. Patrick’s Day, Pi-Bot!
If events replay, what will happen to Illinois 2014???
I notice that Pi-Bot has only posted in Your Daily Random Comment so far... perhaps this is for the better.
"Hmm, just an idea: start a thread in General Chat just for testing how Pi-Bot reacts to various posts?

I don't know if there's a way to make a forums bot that maybe goes through the forums and marks spam or replies to common questions about how the forums work... but maybe Pi-Bot could eventually do that?"
it starts posting in question marathons and becomes unbeatable in Scioly
"So I'm doing some Pi-Bot work, and I get the HTML for SilverBreeze's string for parsing:
CODE: SELECT ALL
""Troy SciOly 2019 - now<br>
Suzanne SciOly 2016 - 2019<br>
States events: Sleeping in due to cancellation.<br>
Please don’t replay rules next year.<br>
Events this season: Water Quality, Forensics, Ornithology, (some experience in DP)""
Simple right?

And then Joey's:
CODE: SELECT ALL
""Ohayo!
<div class=""""bbcode-hide codebox""""><label><span style=""""font-weight:bold"""">Past (Main) Events</span> <span style=""""color:#555"""">(Click to Show Hidden Text)</span></label><pre>Dynamic Planet, Protein Modeling, Fast Facts, Thermodynamics</pre></div><style type=""""text/css"""">
div.bbcode-hide {
 padding: 3px;
}
.bbcode-hide label {
 display: block;
 font-size: 0.8em !important;
 text-transform: uppercase;
 width: 100%;
}
.bbcode-hide pre {
 display: none;
 font-family: 'Avenir', Arial, sans-serif;
 white-space: pre-wrap;
}
@media print {
 .bbcode-hide pre {
  display: block !important;
 }
}
</style><script type=""""text/javascript"""">
$(document).ready(()=>{
 $("""".bbcode-hide"""").each((_, tag) => {
  tag = $(tag);
  tag.find(""""label"""").off(""""click"""").on(""""click"""", ()=>{
   tag.find(""""pre"""").toggle();
  })
 })
})
</script>
<div class=""""bbcode-hide codebox""""><label><span style=""""font-weight:bold"""">Current Events</span> <span style=""""color:#555"""">(Click to Show Hidden Text)</span></label><pre>Dynamic Planet, Machines, Ornith</pre></div><style type=""""text/css"""">
div.bbcode-hide {
 padding: 3px;
}
.bbcode-hide label {
 display: block;
 font-size: 0.8em !important;
 text-transform: uppercase;
 width: 100%;
}
.bbcode-hide pre {
 display: none;
 font-family: 'Avenir', Arial, sans-serif;
 white-space: pre-wrap;
}
@media print {
 .bbcode-hide pre {
  display: block !important;
 }
}
</style><script type=""""text/javascript"""">
$(document).ready(()=>{
 $("""".bbcode-hide"""").each((_, tag) => {
  tag = $(tag);
  tag.find(""""label"""").off(""""click"""").on(""""click"""", ()=>{
   tag.find(""""pre"""").toggle();
  })
 })
})
</script>
1 Corinthians 13:4-7<br>
<em class=""""text-italics"""">Scientia Potentia Est</em><br>
Has Gotten Coronavirus: <strong class=""""text-strong"""">No</strong>""
joeyyyyy whyyyyy

EDIT: Since I didn't see this earlier:

bernard proposed something similar to this (like a helper bot role for Pi-Bot), and I don't see why it wouldn't work, although Pi-Bot would have to get pretty reliable at those sorts of tasks first, which is unforunately quite a ways off right now (lol he's still posting generally weird statements, but at least he doesn't have to rely on my canned responses anymore)"
"Have I done anything that you think should cause me to feel shame?
~~~ This message was posted completely with code. If there is an error, please contact pepperonipi in the signature. ~~~"
i mean... mine can't be the worst one out there right?
Haha yeah, T2D probably holds that title
"Is that in reference to my actual signature, or is that for my YDRC post that I can no longer edit?
FOR PERSONAL FUTURE REFERENCE (CLICK TO SHOW HIDDEN TEXT)"
"Is $250 for a mint condition refurbished iphone 8 worth it?
https://www.backmarket.com/tested-and-c ... .html#?l=0

I have just enough to buy it, and I was planning to place the order today. But then, I found out abt the new ""iphone 9""/ ""iphone se2"" coming out soon. Apparently it has iphone 11 processing power inside something that looks like the 8, though it's also more expensive ($399).

I'm really debating on which one to buy rn but I may not have a source of income besides selling my old pokemon/mtg cards on mercari ahhhhh
Suggestions?"
"what do you get when you cross a port and frosted flakes?
~~~ This message was posted completely with code. If there is an error, please contact pepperonipi in the signature. ~~~"
uhhhhh frosted shipping lanes
If you've got a authentic Black Lotus in mint condition, I'll give you $100 for it.
Aren't those worth a few thousand?
We might not have school for the rest of the year... How about you guys?
our superintendent says at least until spring break, which is in late april for us.
"Apparently one sold for 166k - even if I did have one, I'd pass on your offer.
However, I have this for sale:
https://www.mercari.com/us/item/m314818 ... ch_results"
A cereal port?
I don't know, but it's probably serial?
CompSci homework.
"Thanks, but I could get it cheaper if I wanted that one...
https://shop.tcgplayer.com/magic/master ... he-mindful
I'll swap a foil Phyrexian Hydra for a mint Time Walk, though."
"I remembered the name of the card I'm looking for 2 minutes after I posted that. It seemed to go through, but didn't change the post...
I'd pay up to $5 each for 4 Blightsteel Colossus cards in good condition or better. They would do well in my White/Artifact Infect deck."